I enjoy relaxing with my friends and family.
I would love to visit Cabo San Lucas.
I sing a lot while working.
A boat, gas, and GPS.
What is the weirdest job you've ever been on as a Service Technician?
Basements that are full of water!
If you weren't a Service Technician, what profession would you be in?
I would be a Charter Boat Captain.
Hike down the Grand Canyon, visit Australia, and backpack through Europe.
I like to ride motorcycles and bicycles.

Made from solid mahogany this custom made United States Air Force (USAF) F16-79th FS aircraft tail flash wooden plaque is hand carved and finished by our expert craftsmen. The mahogany is cured and treated at our own factory to avoid warping and twisting over the years and a special keyhole slot is recessed into the rear to ensure a flush fitting on any wall surface. If urgency is an issue we can offer an express 14 day delivery for the extra fee shown. Our staff have been specially trained to help you with any questions or design issues that you might have.

Andalou Naturals Deep Wrinkle Dermal Filler, 18ml, uses fruit stem cell complex, resveratrol CoQ10 and goji glycopeptides to boost cell energy. Therefore boosting dermal vitality, supporting building blocks, collagen and elastin. The capuacu butter reduces skin tension to visibly plump and smooth fine lines and wrinkles.
Andalou Naturals Deep Wrinkle Dermal Filler, 18ml, is from their Age Defying range. Using fruit stem cell complex, resveratrol CoQ10 and also goji glycopeptides to boost cell energy. Therefore boosting dermal vitality, supporting building blocks, collagen as well as elastin, as capuacu butter reduces skin tension to visibly plump and smooth fine lines and wrinkles.
To use, simple apply AM as well as PM to clean skin and directly on fine lines and wrinkles arounds eyes, mouth, cheeks as well as your forehead. Then, follow with moisturiser.
Love the Age Defying range? Shop it here.
Aloe Barbadensis Leaf Juice*, Purified Water (Aqua), Vegetable Glycerin, Dicaprylyl Carbonate, Cetyl Alcohol, Stearyl Alcohol, Theobroma Cacao (Cocoa) Seed Butter*, Glyceryl Stearate, Allantoin. Also Fruit Stem Cells (Malus Domestica, Solar Vitis) and BioActive 8 Berry Complex*, Firming Complex [Hydrolyzed Myrtus Communis (Myrtle) Leaf Extract, Resveratrol, Ubiquinone (CoQ10). Also Lycium Barbarum (Goji) Fruit Extract], Tocopherol, Theobroma Grandiflorum (Cupuacu) Seed Butter, Sodium Hyaluronate. As well as Magnesium Ascorbyl Phosphate (Vitamin C), Aspalathus Linearis (Rooibos) Extract*†, Hibiscus Sabdariffa Flower Extract*†, Camellia Sinensis (White Tea) Leaf Extract*†, Phenethyl Alcohol, Ethylhexylglycerin, and also Vanilla Isolates.

The Winter Jam Tour Spectacular, Christian music’s largest annual tour and one of the top first quarter tours in the world, made a series of major announcements during festivities held earlier this evening. Streamed around the world via Facebook LIVE, the event—at Nashville's Hard Rock Café—was attended by artists, industry personnel and national media. Revealing a history-making tour first, Winter Jam will be presented on a 360º “in the round” center stage, showcasing a diverse lineup helmed by supergroup Newsboys United.
Comprised of current members Michael Tait, Duncan Phillips, Jeff Frankenstein and Jody Davis, along with former members Peter Furler and Phil Joel, Newsboys United are set to take the Winter Jam stage to deliver a string of the biggest hits from the iconic band’s three-decade career. One of the most popular groups in Christian music history, Newsboys have sold more than 8 million units and amassed eight Gold® certifications, 33 #1 radio hits, four GRAMMY® nominations, two American Music Award nominations and multiple Dove Awards.
Winter Jam’s 2019 blockbuster lineup continues with GRAMMY®-nominated former “American Idol” finalist Danny Gokey; GRAMMY®-winning recording artist and "Overcomer" hitmaker Mandisa; Northern Ireland's "Count Every Blessing" worshippers Rend Collective; Skillet drummer and female solo rocker LEDGER; GRAMMY®-nominated tour creators and hosts NewSong; and Dove Award-nominated Gotee recording artist Hollyn. In addition, the Pre-Jam Party is slated to feature hip-hop recording artist Ty Brasel; rockers Manic Drive; singer/songwriter Dan Bremnes; and special guest former Stellar Kart and Audio Adrenaline frontman Adam Agee. The tour will also include a Gospel presentation from Dare2Share speakers Greg Stier or Zane Black.
Kicking off January 11 at Jacksonville, Florida’s Veterans Memorial Arena, Winter Jam is scheduled to hit a total of 44 cities, making stops at Atlanta’s State Farm Arena; Kansas City’s Sprint Center; PPG Paints Arena in Pittsburgh; Cincinnati’s U.S. Bank Arena; Bridgestone Arena in Nashville; and Norfolk, Virginia’s Scope Arena, among numerous other top venues, before concluding March 31 at Cleveland’s Wolstein Center.
"With Peter and Phil back onstage with us, we can't wait to bring the Newsboys United show to Winter Jam next year," says Newsboys' Michael Tait. "It's a blast to join forces with such an incredible lineup of artists, and the ministry at the heart of Winter Jam is always evident."
The Winter Jam 2019 Tour Spectacular is produced by Premier Productions and sponsored in part by ChildFund, Liberty University, Samaritan Ministries, Xtreme Conferences, Camp Electric, Premier Vacations & Events, Texas TransEastern and Wayne E. Bailey Produce.
Created and hosted by one of Christian music’s most influential bands, NewSong, Winter Jam exploded from a single show in 1995 to become the genre's benchmark tour. Throughout two decades, Winter Jam has helped provide a powerful platform for the Gospel in major arenas nationwide, consistently showcasing Christian music's biggest artists.
Earlier this year Winter Jam was crowned the top first quarter music tour in the world. Landing at #2 on Pollstar’s “2018 1Q YTD Worldwide Ticket Sales Top 100 Tours” chart, the Winter Jam 2018 Tour Spectacular took the top spot of all music tours, following #1 outing “Disney On Ice.” This year Winter Jam hit a total of 46 cities across the country from January through March, boasting 17 sold-out shows.

I have 20 years of experience and specialize in the field of nursing with specific knowledge in the areas of geriatric abuse, critical care and forensics. I have published on such topics as elder sexual abuse, elder abuse and forensics. I have testified on emergency nurse practioner standard of care and the standard of care in pediatric nursing.

There are over 100 North American species in 11 genera in the mayfly family Heptageniidae. They are found in lotic or lentic erosional habitats, often among rocks. They are sometimes collector-gatherers of fine organic particles; however, they typically feed by scraping algae and periphyton from rocks and other substrates at the bottom of the stream. They have a flattened head and body, which allows them to cling to the tops of the rocks, even in fast flowing water, without being swept away, or to squeeze among rocks. This flat body shape makes them great at clinging to surfaces, but fairly poor, floppy swimmers. The emerging duns (sub-adults) are important in the fly-fishing community, with several genera in the family serving as models for tied flies.
Family: Head and body dorsoventrally flattened (depressed). Eyes and antennae positioned dorsally. Lateral margins of head visible beside the eyes. Mandibles not visible from dorsal side. Claws much shorter than tarsi. Tibiae and tarsi straight. Abdominal gills on segments 2–7 variably shaped depending on genus and species.

Homo Sapiens and Homo Erectus. In the origins of the species we now call human, there is an extraordinary lesson which bears significantly on how we conduct ourselves today.
The large conflicts of our body politic, immigration, gun control, women’s rights, education, food and shelter for the weak and vulnerable, all elements of our social safety net have a single common thread which strings them all together.Homo Sapiens and Homo Erectus.
What are or are not the bounds and responsibilities of one for the other and if none, are the disenfranchised or weak to struggle on their own and fall prey to the biological imprimatur; survival of the fittest.
The history of Homo Sapien and Erectus is, amongst other things, characterized by their use of tools, methods of hunting, (providing for their kith and kin) and with the very disparate outcomes.
Both species arose in the Rift Valley of Southern Africa and both species had well developed the use of the hand axe, the tool triangular in shape, not unlike today’s computer mouse, which edged with a skil developed of chipping, one harder rock on the edge of another, allowed then existing man to develop the roughly sharpened lethal cutting and killing tool easily manipulated by a single hunter. The immediate benefit for both species was the transformation of early man from a nut, berry, vegetarian to a meat eater. The density and portability of protein afforded allowed the first significant migration which headed the then nascent species North to Europe, East to Russia, West to Spain, and from there, to colonize the world.
Two mission critical characteristics distinguished the species ultimately causing the demise of one and the ubiquitous and flourishing success of the other.
Homo Sapien, over time turned the large and sometimes unwieldy hand axe into the increasingly technologicaly efficient tool of a spear. Ultimately, the technology developed such that it was easily made, reasonably affixed to the end of a spear and in time to a bow, as the tip of a lethal arrow. Such efficiency, of size and lethality allowed for a whole new range of hunting skills which included the group skill set of hunters herding and pressing animals of prey into the waiting arrows and spears of the awaiting line of firepower. As such, the need of a group, to undertake the endeavor, and the success of the outcome in pounds of meat and numbers killed or caught dramatically changed the whole of the course of the civilization of this species, from which came the earliest notion of commonwealth, an endeavor in which all depended in one fashion or another on each-other.
Conversely, Homo Erectus continued to use the more cumbersome and unwieldy hand axe which limited his kills and the provision of food to his own innate skill as a hunter, but without any of the added benefit of the skills of the group, the technology as developed by the group and the greater range and accessibility to food supplies. And he ultimately perished.
In these hyper political times of debate, all in some fashion or form related to the question of the social contract, the right or wrong of our collectively taking care of our commonwealth, weak or strong, or the alternative view which obliges the weak, poor, disenfranchised and less strong classes of woman and children to essentially fend for themselves, is there not a two hundred thousand year old lesson here which will foretell the outcome of one choice versus the other.
Fundamental to the political rhetoric have been the issues of humanity, the pernicious conditions of poverty despite royal wealth, oil wealth, and the persistent separate and unequal class system which has divided families, oppressed women, withheld education and social mobility on the basis of religious teachings; and institutionalized the second class status of women and children, poverty and helplessness as a god-given and natural way of life.
We have said we will fight wars to protect a woman’s freedom. We speak out in favor of the freedoms to unmask her face, be schooled, prevent stoning, travel outside the home, drive a car and possess at least some modicum of what Western women have come largely to take for granted. We have rhetorically espoused the inalienable right of freedom of religion, travel, health, marriage, education and the protection from corporeal punishment.
Whatever the right or wrong, and whether women are or are not second class citizens and therefore are or are not entitled to special forms of freedom or punishment, what we hold out as a standard to preach or teach or try to at least insinuate in our international relations is in ways a greater standard than that to which even women in the US are entitled.
From birth we enshrine in our young the ‘American dream,’ telling them they can be president and that the ceiling there is glass and not easily shattered. Yet to the women in our country, knowing poverty is the leading indicator of educational success, and education is the leading indicator of teenage pregnancy, unwanted child birth, the destruction of a family unit central to the rise or demise of our culture. We have now thirty three states in which a woman’s right to self determination of her own health and health care, headlined by her right to family planning, including contraception and abortion, is virtually illegal.
What does it say about a woman in the US, who only recently realized the right to vote, to work (although paid a fraction of the pay for the same work and job descriptions as men), and now whose sexual/reproductive rights are subordinate to those interests of men and the state?
The facts of history clearly support the assertion that this pathology resides not in women, who may or may not be incapable of judicious decisions about their lives and their families, but rather in a dysfunctional, unresolved and profoundly disturbed psyche of the male who, for his own internal weakness, fragmentation or unconsummated manhood, needs, through projection to articulate the problem as the woman’s weakness. By the right of might, man alone can manage and ultimately adjudicate.
25 Dead, No reply; Chicago. Officer down, Cop Killer, LAPD; 1000 Respond.
A cop killed by an ex-cop triggered a four day manhunt with an accompanying 24-hour, wall-to-wall news extravaganza with as much television coverage provided as during the three days invading Iraq or any presidential election in modern history.
With one of the wounded in the hospital, security included more than 1000 state, local, federal, ATF and FBI law enforcement personnel. Using paramilitary equipment, helicopters, tanks and high tech AWACS units to coordinate this small army, the chase for the would-be assassin combed into the mountains and nearby resort.
Implicit in the question of a culture and society in which ‘law enforcement,’ like ‘congress,’ does indeed take care of its’ own, but not of those it serves, is how come and why? When twenty five people are killed in Chicago on a weekend, the notice in the press is on page 8 and below the fold.
If the twenty five Chicagoans were ‘law enforcement,’ there would be an army large enough to invade Cuba dispatched and it would be the opening story every hour, with side by side live video feed, until resolved.
While 90% of Americans, including ‘law enforcement,’ believe in background checks and assault weapon limits, congress will repay the debt beholden to the NRA, (and the money they provide to themselves), with a ‘no’ vote on gun control, despite the very articulate interests of their constituency and the vast majority of citizens.
How do we come to such an asymmetric care or duty in our social contract? How is it that a job for the congressman, who is voted in and paid for by a constituency, is more important than the social contract ensuring rights for the very constituency who entrusted him with that job?
The patent and automatic answer of any ‘law enforcement’ or ‘congressional chief’ is ‘No, of course not. We are here to serve to people.’ Yet repeatedly, the facts do not support such statements.
Criminality in Wall Street, allowing unwarranted foreclosures and criminal behavior in the streets, thereby resulting in the death of twenty-five residents of one city in one weekend. Criminality in denying abortion, healthcare and food to the needy, and criminality in a society which was founded on rules of a social contract, including equality for all, but which now favors ‘special interests’ repeatedly and predictably violates those inalienable rights.
When a spokeswoman for the manhunt was queried as to why there was such an inordinately large presence, or what would happen next, narrators and spokespeople purposefully use the designation ‘law enforcement’ as distinct from ‘police’, ‘sheriff’ or some other nomenclature like the president or senator, referring to a single person as distinct from a group.
So in the expression ‘law enforcement,’ there is an absolute key to understanding this more than colloquial and now almost idiomatic use of the phrase. Clear in the statement, belonging to the group confers special rights.
The NRA defines the ‘gun control’ debate as one of ‘them and us,’ and it is curiously reminiscent of the Republicans’ ongoing and blanket defiance of Obama passing any law to anyone’s benefit, be it control of Wall Street, which summarily caused the loss of two trillion dollars of private individual wealth and redistributed it to the ‘group’ like ‘law enforcement’ or the ‘Wall Street tribe,’ education, or infrastructure.
In further describing the manhunt, the spokeswoman for ‘law enforcement’ described the scene as “like a war zone…..our deputies are heroes…they walked into raging fire and all placed their lives at incredible risk.” What about the kids in Chicago? Isn’t this what law enforcement does?
At the press conference, one senior member from each of the branches of law enforcement (FBI, ATF, Border Patrol, sheriff, state police, local militia) counted in excess of one-thousand soldiers, leaders in stars and stripes, full honors dress, gold insignias, ties, formal hats and bangles, military crew high-and-tights, all brothers in arms. All appeared to speak to their respective responsibilities and their unwavering commitment to ‘get the villain,’ concluding with “Thank-you all for coming to our press conference.” The general with stars and gold stripes repeated the sentiment, but there was no mention of Chicago or the twenty-five kids that had been shot in one weekend.
So, we know the question.
Why are there two classes of people in the US?
There are wealthy and poor, and an ever growing disparity in between.
There is law enforcement, and the kids in the Chicago streets with little sight for improvement.
More than the terrible price of congress taking care of themselves first, or of law enforcement caring for it’s own, but willing to let the rest of the world cannibalize each other, is the humiliation of our people, us, thinking we have voted for representatives to represent us, and in fact we have been duped.
As a people, if we have mafiosos as leaders, or a Kim Jung Un of North Korea or Saddam Hussein, who admit freely that they have no real cares in the world but their own, we could reasonably decide between two dictators or two rogues……there are many facets to slavery. And if we are to be poisoned, there is nothing wrong with at least having the choice of hemlock or the blue juice of suicide.
“My name is Mr. Dempsey and I am your 5th Form English teacher”.
“Now I am sure,” he said glancing at his watch, “since it is midday, you have all had a chance to catch up with one another, so with your permission we will begin.
The English teacher paused, peered out to the class, over his horned rimmed glasses.
He was quiet. He appeared comfortable and seemed willing to wait the few seconds, minutes or Annabel thought, ‘until the end of class’ until someone rose their hand and tried to answer.
“Really,” he resumed, smiling again, both at the reticence of his new class, but too, for the not uncommon nature of teenager’s unwillingness to speak openly and aloud particularly when their predictions or peregrinations may have been less than correct or even simply wrong.
“It is just another form of expression. The language of the heart or soul or whatever it is you call it that differentiates one of us from another and us, as a species from all others.
“And as we learn,” he continued, “if we listen carefully, we will acquire the tools and build an arsenal and we should not only learn something about ourselves but about our culture, so, in time we will be able to explore our own feelings, and better understand reverberations from the shadowy dark of our innermost souls.
“My name is Annie,” as the custom dictated new students introduce themselves to new teachers, “this sounds more like a course in psychology or political science.
Annabel and indeed all of the class fell into a deep, hushed silence.
It was apparently a question none had ever considered.
Annabel’s hand rose again but only as a formality as she was speaking already.
“Well they are different, aren’t they, Mr. Dempsey.
“A very good question,” Dempsey replied.
“So who would like to take a chance answering Miss Annabel’s question,” the English teacher asked, looking around, waiting for someone else to raise their hand or speak, or feel comfortable enough to join the conversation.
“Well,” ventured one of the students, a slight young lad with a large voice and big wondrous eyes.
“My name is Colby Sir, Colby North, and maybe this is not the answer you were looking for but does it have something to do with the idea that language is what the brain uses to tell stories, or to tell about history and history and stories of people are really about ..you know…the world, in a way, so, what we write, whatever it is about somehow reflects what’s going on in the world.
“That sir is brilliant. And exactly true.
“So we can look at language in a vacuum, as might a child murmur or speak to another when they are at play, or between two grown-ups, two politicians, world leaders, even between an English teacher and his class, and at the end of the day, it is both about us, but too reflects the world we live in.
“So Mister Colby, what do you call the people who live on foreign planets.
The class suddenly sat up and all looked at Mr. Dempsey directly not knowing if he were joking or a fruitcake from another planet himself.
“I am not sure I know what you mean, Mr. Dempsey, I mean, I didn’t know we had found life on other planets.
“Well I don’t know sir, I mean there are millions.
“Well, I don’t either…my point was simply,” and he smiled in a way that immediately gave all the understanding he was making a wry but noteworthy joke.
“I meant if there were such critters, and they did speak and write, chances are they would also speak of ‘stuff’ as we might call it, which would relate to their lives, their planets, their experiences on their planet Klingon or whatever it is called.
Colby raised his hand struggling to control his laugh.
“The Klingons, Mr. Dempsey are I think the people who live on one of those planets, but I think we all get what you mean.
“In time, we will find a handmaiden, a speaker, someone who reflects the sense of themselves which is consonant with our own and a sense of the world which makes sense.
As Nini spoke, Annie tried to cram four text books, an enormous binder and all of the papers from each of the new classes into her small locker.
“It’s not going to work,” she finally allowed leaning against the door trying half heartedly to push it closed.
“I mean, it’s just not gonna’ work.
“What are you talking about’, Nini asked, standing now next to her friend from kindergarten, Annabel Devry.
“You mean you’re not going to take the class.
“I meant the locker silly,” Annie said.
“Yeah it will, but you just can’t throw everything in and expect it all to work.
“Nini that is exactly what Mr. Dempsey said after class.
Nini, turning to leave, stopped abruptly.
“Well’ Annie said trying now to unpack and repack the small locker, “he said ‘you can’t be a great writer if you just throw everything in all at once.
“Good writing,” he said, “’is actually more of a taking away, kind of like good surgery, cutting out the right stuff from all the clutter.
Nini looked blankly at Annie, waiting for her to turn the dial on the padlock.
“I’m just going to stick it in my bag,” she concluded thrashing shut the locker door, done with the appearance of order and as anxious as Nini to get off to home room.
“Do you know what bus you’re gonna’ be on?
“I don’t,” she answered, heading out and quickstepping past her lifelong friend.
“C’mon,” she chided turning back her head now smiling at Nini who had dawdled for just a moment and was now three paces behind.

This Edward Mirell ring has an alluring black polish finish on a traditional domed style ring. It is made of titanium which allows it to be light but still durable and scratch resistant. The 16 mm width allows for greater detail within the anodized pink design giving this ring a marvelous look. Larson Jewelers is proud to carry Edward Mirell jewelry, which is designed and manufactured in the USA. Edward Mirell is known for combining the latest technology and cutting edge design to create truly unique contemporary jewelry for men and women. All rings come with a certificate of authenticity and manufacturer's warranty that covers size exchanges for life, and repair or replacement in case of defective materials or workmanship. Note: There is a fee charged by Edward Mirell, not us, for all warranty work to cover processing, shipping, and handling of all warranty work.

Janice Hamilton, the controller for Ryan Specialty Group, has over 14 years of experience in both the US and international insurance markets. Prior to joining RSG, Janice was based in London serving as the CFO for AmTrust International, the non-US operations of AmTrust Financial Services Inc.
Before her role with AmTrust, Janice held positions as CFO of ANV and as Controller and then Finance Director for Jubilee Group Holdings, a previous subsidiary of RSG. She began her career with EY in Chicago, providing audit services to insurance sector companies like Aon.
Janice received her BS in Finance from Miami University in Ohio and her MS in Accounting at the University of Virginia. She is a licensed CPA in the State of Illinois.

This project executes research at portfolio level into innovation-supported instruments and measures (the mix) that are used by governments, research institutions and industry in public-private cooperations in higher (golden triangle) and EU level in AKIS.
This is linked to seven functions (Hekkert & Ossebaard, 2010) which AKIS should fulfill in order to achieve innovation and transitions. In particular, it examines the role of civil society (f) actors that can influence the utilization of innovation. This is investigated for four national and international cases: two sectors (Horticulture and Livestock) and two areas of expertise (Food and Genomics). The knowledge contributes to the development of concepts and strategies for a coherent and consistent mix of knowledge and innovation measures at national and EU level.
Generic innovation challenge: Food (High Tech Europe / TFN and FND) and Genomics (CBSG, TTI GG).
The method is empirical and inductive.
This project combines knowledge, experience and previous evaluations with innovation programs and knowledge transfer at national and EU level. The output contributes to the KB-VI Concepts and assessment deliverables under public-private partnerships and concepts for knowledge transfer by SMEs.
Hermans, G.J.F.M. , Geerling-Eiff, F.A. , Potters, J.I. , Overbeek, G. (2014) Wageningen : Wageningen UR - p.

NOS CAV BOARD SWITCH 47A-29 BEDFORD HUMBER SCOUT MILITARY ARMY. - $199.99 : Geros1968 VINTAGE PARTS, Geros1968 since 2000 helps you TO FIND VINTAGE PARTS for your Vehicle - Many genuine NOS Parts are waiting for you.
NOS LUCAS L844 TRIUMPH TR6 TURN SIDE LAMPS PAIR.
Home :: SWITCHES :: Ignition Switches :: NOS CAV BOARD SWITCH 47A-29 BEDFORD HUMBER SCOUT MILITARY ARMY.
NOS CAV BOARD SWITCH 47A-29 BEDFORD HUMBER SCOUT MILITARY ARMY.
One ( 1 ) New Old Stock GENUINE CAV BOARD SWITCH TYPE 47A-29. Excellent Mint Condition with a some scratches from storage . NEVER INSTALLED.
Notify me of updates to NOS CAV BOARD SWITCH 47A-29 BEDFORD HUMBER SCOUT MILITARY ARMY.

A TCU basketball player named Owen Aschieris thought he was in trouble at a team meeting when a campus cop came in and called out his name. But it was a prank. The officer handed him a scholarship.

4. Riverside Community College, CA has partnered with the University of Asmara, Eritrea to develop computer and business courses that will be linked by computer laboratories and information technology. Distance education internet, audio-tape, videotape, and broadcast technologies will be developed to offer training for jobs in both Asmara and Riverside. Both institutions will prepare a Virtual Tour of each other's campuses and regions via Internet links.
5. Net\Work: An Information Technology Workforce Development Partnership has been developed between Prince George's Community College, MD and Vista University in South Africa. The project aims to train a substantially disadvantaged black population in South Africa to advance in the field of information technology. McGraw Hill has provided textbooks for this project and it will help address the shortage of information technology professionals in South Africa.

11 July:The Minister of Textiles, Shri Shankersinh Vaghela has said that the Government is working to promote the activities of HHEC and has sanctioned ten more clusters of Handlooms for J&K region with this objective.
Addressing the Parliamentary Consultative Committee meeting attached to his Ministry here today, Shri Vaghela said that Handicrafts and handlooms Exports Corporation, HHEC is running a number of activities to provide support to artisans and weavers for the upgradation of their skills, design inputs, training and marketing their products. More than ten thousand weavers are getting direct and indirect employment through the activities of HHEC. The Minister informed the members that Corporation has 21 procurement centers all over the country to help and provide technical support to the grass root weavers.
Reiterating the Government’s commitment for the marketing support to the artisans, the Textiles Minister said that Central Cottage Industries Corporation, CCIC does procurement and sales of quality handicrafts and handlooms products not only for the domestic market but also for abroad. It has also opened showrooms to showcase traditional arts culture. He said the CCIC always lays emphasis in supporting artisan and has made efforts to eliminate the middlemen in the process of marketing of handlooms.
Briefing the members about the National Handicrafts and Handlooms Museum, NHHM, also known as Crafts Museum at Delhi, Shri Vaghela said that The Museum has a collection of over 32,000 artifacts consisting of Metal Icon, Lamps, Incense Burners and Ritual accessories. The Library of the Museum has more than 20,000 reference books and other periodicals.
Participating in the meeting the members suggested that the more centers should be opened to provide design support to the grass root artisans. The meeting was attended by S/Shri Mohan Ponnuswamy, S.Anbalagan, Mahesh Kumar Kanodia, Abdul Rashid Shaheen, D.Vittal Rao, Santasri Chatterjee and Mohan Rawale.

Home Kitchen 1.1 Cubic Ft 1000W Microwave Oven Countertop Digital Display Red. Home Appliances Kitchen Appliances Microwaves. The 1.1' Cu Microwave will let you defrost food, soften ice cream or reheat delicious meals. It has 1000 watts of cooking power ensure that whatever you need gets done in record time. The black microwave offers 10 power levels that guarantees a level for almost anything you want to make.
It has a removable glass turntable for easy cleaning. The microwave also has an option that allows you to cook and defrost by weight feature ensuring that you never over or under-do anything. Make your food optimally at the touch of a button with six, one-touch cooking functions.
This microwave makes a lovely gift for first time home owners or a nice update to your old microwave oven. It has a small size that makes it simple to install in most kitchens, and you can even leave it on the counter space. Our stock all ships from our US-based warehouses. We stand behind our products.
The use of a converter or other voltage transforming device is at your own risk. Most orders are in transit for two days but some may take longer. The item "Home Kitchen 1.1 Cubic Ft 1000W Microwave Oven Countertop Digital Display Red" is in sale since Thursday, June 7, 2018. This item is in the category "Home & Garden\Major Appliances\Microwave Ovens".
The seller is "oceansound_sales" and is located in Seattle, WA. This item can be shipped to United States.

Once a downloadable horror-puzzle for the Nintendo Wii, WayForward has updated the title and just in time for Halloween 2015. In LIT you play as a Jake, a mopey teenager who embarks on a nightmarish journey as he attempts to search for his girlfriend, Rachael.
Currently remade for the mobile market in mind, LIT features 16 newly created puzzle rooms, new challenges and is available for Apple iOS (8.0 and up) as well as Android (2.3 and up) devices, for free (with ads).
So if you’re looking for a game to chill with and pass the night of Halloween away with, why not give LIT a try.

LSN-Webmail by LSN-Webmail`s author is an interactive script to painlessly and quickly install Apache 1. 3. 12, php. 16, mysql 3. 22. 32, Imap4. 7b, and twig 2. 2. 3. It also includes easy to use menu editors for post installation maintainance.
LSN-Webmail 1.0b1 scripting tags: imapb, twig, lsnwebmail, php, mysql, apache, script, installation. What is new in LSN-Webmail 1.0b1 software script? - Unable to find LSN-Webmail 1.0b1 news. What is improvements are expecting? Newly-made LSN-Webmail 1.1 will be downloaded from here. You may download directly. Please write the reviews of the LSN-Webmail. License limitations are unspecified.

Basketball at Penn really started taking off in 1900. They became Hawkeye Conference champs in 1914-15, and Iowa Conference champs in 1970-71. Both men's and women's basketball went on to become state champs multiple times during the 70's and 80's.
William Morgan was a Professor of Math and Astronomy from 1876-83, and President of Penn College from 1877-79.
Three students frolicking outside on Penn Campus.

The Baroque bed, as its name implies is very florid and ornate. The posts are monstrous -especially since they’re topped with massive cast finials and sturdy feet. The headboard grill is adorned with a large center casting and supported by 60” high posts. The footboard – supported by 36” posts, is a concave design that dips in the center. There are also large sloping side rails that are as fancifully decorated as the grills. Even the Gilded Slate finish is elaborate – it is a black base, with a hand-applied coat of mottled translucent white paint – which gives it a bluish hue, highlighted with gleaming gold. This bed is certainly a statement piece and will need a large room to contain it.

If you missed Part 1, please go back and read this series of posts in sequence.
Thus in ­Luke’s account in Acts, when James suddenly appears out of nowhere as leader of the Nazarene movement at the Jerusalem Council, we can see that Luke is well aware of ­James’s position. At this critical juncture he dared not leave James out of the story.
This is not to say that Acts lacks historical value. We would be immensely diminished in our understanding of the early development of the Christian movement without it. And ironically, Luke has unwittingly left clues in the book of Acts that allow us to verify what we know from other sources—that James, not Peter, became the legitimate successor of Jesus and leader of the movement. We have to learn to read the book of Acts carefully, aware at all times of the scarcely veiled “spin” that Luke put on the story.
Luke more than any of the other gospels marginalizes the family of Jesus. Remember, Luke is the gospel that deliberately avoided even mentioning the brothers of Jesus, much less naming them, even though his source Mark plainly listed them as James, Joses, Judas, and Simon (Mark 6:3). Once when a woman in the crowd that followed Jesus cried out “Blessed is the womb that bore you and the breasts that you sucked,” Luke alone had Jesus reply, “No, rather blessed are those who hear the word of God and keep it” (Luke 11:27–28). Even at the cross, when Mark plainly said that “Mary the mother of James and Joses” as well as Jesus’ sister Salome were present, Luke changed this to read “the women [unnamed] who had followed him from Galilee” (Luke 23:49). At the burial scene he did the same. Rather than name “Mary Magdalene and Mary the mother of James” as present at the tomb as his source Mark did, he changed the account to read “the women [again unnamed] who had come with him from Galilee followed and saw the tomb” (Luke 23:55). In most cases Luke followed Mark rather closely as a source, much more so than Matthew, who constantly added his own editorial revisions. But Luke departed from Mark when it came to the mother and brothers of Jesus. I think he did this to avoid raising questions about ­Peter’s leadership of the Twelve or the superiority of ­Paul’s mission to the Gentiles. Such bold editing could not be accidental; there is something very important going on here. It is part of ­Luke’s overall agenda to recast the history of the early movement so that Paul comes out ahead of possible rivals including James. But what was their rivalry about?
Luke was a Gentile. In fact he was the only non-­Jewish writer in the entire New Testament. He emphasizes the Gentile version of Christianity that Paul espoused. He cannot deny that Jesus was a Jew, or that all of Jesus’ original followers were Jewish, or that the early Christian movement as a whole was an apocalyptic movement within Judaism. But he wrote at a time, two decades after the Jewish-­Roman revolt, when those Jewish origins of the movement were becoming marginalized and deemphasized and the imminent apocalyptic hope had faded.
Luke was also pro-­Roman. Paul, his hero, was a Roman citizen and he wants his Gentile Roman readers to know and value that about him, and thus look with favor on the growing Gentile Christian movement. In his account of the trial of Jesus, Luke goes beyond Mark, his primary source, to emphasize that Pontius Pilate was a reasonable and just ruler who went to extraordinary lengths to get Jesus released. He removes the reference to Pilate having Jesus scourged and even omits the horrible mocking and abuse that Jesus suffered at the hands of ­Pilate’s Roman Praetorium guard (Luke 23:25). According to Luke, again following the theology of Paul, Jesus could not possibly have died “forsaken by God” since his death was part of ­God’s plan to bring forgiveness of sins to the world (Luke 24:47). Luke removed the agonizing final cry of Jesus and instead had Jesus pray directly for the Roman soldiers carrying out his crucifixion, “Father forgive them they know not what they do” (Luke 23:34). Luke was not writing history; he was writing theology. With that in mind we have to take what he tells us with extreme caution and keep in mind at all times his pro-­Paul and pro-­Roman agenda.
The primary reason that an understanding of the Jesus dynasty was lost to later Christian memory was that the book of Acts deliberately suppressed its existence. For Luke there was no possibility that the followers of Jesus retreated to Galilee in sorrow and despair after Jesus’ death. He puts all the “sightings” of Jesus in Jerusalem. He does not even mention Galilee and what might have happened there. These “sightings,” according to Luke, happened on Sunday, the very day the empty tomb was discovered, so that any doubts the apostles must have had in response to the brutal and horrible death of their leader were immediately dispelled. The new Pauline “Gospel” they were to preach to the Gentile world was put before them by Jesus himself. Luke explicitly said that Jesus told the Eleven “not to leave Jerusalem” (Acts 1:4). For Luke, Galilee represents the native, indigenous, Jewish origins of Jesus and his family. But something did happen in Galilee after the empty-­tomb experience and it surely must have involved Jesus’ mother, his brothers, and the entire entourage that had followed Jesus to Jerusalem from Galilee. As I described earlier, according to Matthew and John it was in Galilee that the followers found a renewal of their faith and the determination to carry on the movement. Luke would have none of that.
But of course Luke felt obligated to include them as present. He did not dare to completely write them out of the account, knowing as he did the absolutely crucial role that they played. It is more than ironic that in listing the Eleven he mentions by name James, and Simon, and even notes that Judas is the brother of James. As we shall see, the book of Acts was written around a basic undeniable fact—James had assumed leadership of the movement, and Simon his brother took over after ­James’s death in 62 CE. Luke wrote Acts around 90 CE or even later, at least thirty years after James was dead. Luke was surely aware that Simon, also of the royal bloodline, had succeeded James and was head of the church in Jerusalem even as Luke was writing. Luke purposely ended his account in the book of Acts with ­Paul’s imprisonment in Rome around the year 60 CE. For him that is the end of the story—Paul in Rome preaching his gospel to the Gentile world. By choosing that cutoff date he had no obligation to record either the death of James or the succession of Jesus’ brother Simon. ­Luke’s story in Acts became the story of early Christianity for subsequent generations. What he chose not to tell was forgotten.
It is ironic that our earliest evidence regarding the leadership role that James and the brothers of Jesus played after Jesus’ death comes to us directly from Paul. Jesus was crucified in the year 30 CE. ­Paul’s letters date to the 50s CE. For this twenty-­year gap we have no surviving records. These are the silent years in the history of earliest Christianity. What we can know we have to read backward from the records that survive. Fortunately, in ­Paul’s letter to the Galatians, written around 50 CE, he reached back at least fourteen years in recounting his own autobiography. This gives us an original first-­person source, the most valuable tool any historian can work with, reaching back into the decade of the 30s CE.
In the letter to the Galatians Paul related that three years after joining the movement he made his first trip to Jerusalem, where he saw Peter, whom he calls by his Aramaic nickname Cephas. Paul stayed with him fifteen days. He then wrote, “But I did not see any other apostle except James the ­Lord’s brother” (Galatians 1:19). Not only did he call James an apostle but he clearly identified him as Jesus’ brother. The Nazarenes understandably distrusted Paul since he had so recently been at the forefront of those persecuting them, allied with the very leaders who had had Jesus killed. Paul saw Peter but he knew that it was essential that he meet with James, who was in charge. That Paul mentioned this in passing is all the more significant. He does not need to explain to anyone why he would have met with James.
Paul next related that fourteen years after his conversion, very close to 50 CE, he made a return trip to Jerusalem to receive authorization for his mission to the Gentiles from those he designated as the three “pillars” of the movement—namely James, Peter, and John the fisherman (Galatians 2:9).
That James is even named is significant, but that he is named first by Paul, before Peter and John, is absolutely critical for our understanding. The order of the names indicates an established order of authority.
The Council of Twelve, with James at the head, governs the Nazarenes, but among the Twelve, an inner group of three exercise the primary leadership—James, Peter, and John. James the brother of Jesus, sharing the royal lineage of King David, occupies the central position, but one on the right and another on the left flank him as “pillars.” Jesus, who had previously occupied the royal position, had been asked by the Twelve who among them would receive the privilege to “sit one on your right and one on your left” when the Kingdom arrived (Mark 10:37). Jesus had died without ever designating any of them for these two positions. Now, with James as the center, Peter and John had filled these roles as part of the messianic governing body that Jesus had inaugurated. We know this pattern from the Qumran community in the Dead Sea Scrolls. The Community Rule had stipulated: “In the Council of the Community there shall be twelve men and three priests, perfectly versed in all that is revealed of the Torah” (1QS 8).
Even though Luke had related nothing in Acts about James being one of the apostles, much less succeeding Jesus as leader of the group, when he reports this meeting of Paul with the Jerusalem apostles in 50 CE in his account in Acts 15 he also felt obligated to relate that James was in full charge of the proceedings. In the early chapters of Acts, Luke had mentioned Peter and John repeatedly, as a pair, indicating that they were in positions of leadership over the Nazarene movement. He had put these two first in his listing of the Twelve—indicating that they had been chosen for the “right and left” positions (Acts 1:13). This was a change from his earlier listing of the Twelve in his gospel, where he had a different order for the first four: Peter, Andrew, James, and John (Luke 6:14). That he has shifted the order in Acts, putting Peter and John in first and second place, fits with what we know from Paul about the “pillars” of the church, namely James, Peter, and John. Prior to this Jerusalem Council meeting in 50 CE the only time that Luke identifies Jesus’ brother James by name is when Peter is released from prison and he tells a group of Jesus’ followers gathered in a private home to “Go tell James and the brothers” that he had been set free (Acts 12:17). Here we have a hint that Peter is inclined to report things to James and the brothers of Jesus, but nothing more is said and no elaboration is given. This report seems to come out of the blue.
Thus in ­Luke’s account in Acts, when James suddenly appears out of nowhere as leader of the Nazarene movement at the Jerusalem Council, we can see that Luke is well aware of ­James’s position. At this critical juncture he dared not leave James out of the story. Coupled with ­Paul’s passing references in Galatians regarding James as the leading “pillar” of the movement we can begin to piece together our evidence. More than a few readers of Acts have puzzled over this anomaly. Who is this mysterious “James” who emerges in chapter 15 without explanation, and never even identified as Jesus’ brother, but with such power and authority?
The Jerusalem Council was convened to address a critical and controversial issue that had threatened to split the Messianic Movement. Upon what basis should Gentiles be accepted into the group? Both John the Baptizer and Jesus had proclaimed the imminent arrival of the Kingdom of God. According to the Prophets, ­God’s judgment was to fall not only upon Israel but also upon all humankind. Accordingly, Jews as well as non-­Jews were called upon to repent of their sins and turn to God in order to be saved from the “wrath to come.” Yahweh was the Creator, the only “true and living God,” and worship of any other deities was termed idolatry.
Here Luke feels compelled to give James his rightful place with full authority—even though he offers no explanation for how this might have come to be. The pivotal decision that James decreed was in keeping with the general practice of Jewish groups throughout the Roman world. If non-­Jews were attracted to the synagogue they were welcomed as “God-­fearers,” or “righteous Gentiles,” and were not expected to become circumcised and keep the entire Torah as required of Jews. They were, however, expected to follow the ethics of the Torah that were applicable to all human beings. Idolatry and various forms of sexual immorality, widely condoned in Roman society, were strictly condemned. The eating of meat that still contained the blood of the slaughtered animal had been universally forbidden to all human beings from the time of Noah (Genesis 9:4). Beyond these more specific areas of conduct that divided Jew from non-­Jew, one was expected to live a life of justice and righteousness.
The decision James rendered here was in general harmony with a common Jewish approach toward Gentiles that we know from other sources. But it is not so much the decision itself as the unambiguous authority James wielded over the Nazarene movement that makes this account in Acts so significant. Taking this as our starting point the cumulative evidence outside the New Testament that James took up the mantle of Jesus and occupied his “seat” or “throne” is quite remarkable. Some of this evidence is buried in ancient texts that we have had for centuries and some has emerged just in the past few decades.

Andy Serkis' Mowgli: Legend of the Jungle stars Benedict Cumberbatch, Christian Bale, Cate Blanchett, Rohan Chand among others. The film starts streaming on Netflix on December 7.
Before Ocean's 8 releases in India, let us take a look at the Ocean's trilogy. All the Ocean's films are fast-paced entertainers that are not meant to possess profound ideas. Every film is harmless, popcorn piece of cinema.
The all-female spin-off Ocean's 8 starring Sandra Bullock and Cate Blanchett marks over a decade since Steven Soderbergh’s Ocean’s trilogy with George Clooney, Brad Pitt, and Matt Damon graced the big screen.
Ocean's 8, directed by Gary Ross, has an all-female cast. Sandra Bullock leads with her character Debbie Ocean and Cate Blanchett, Anne Hathaway, Mindy Kaling, Sarah Paulson, Awkwafina, Rihanna, and Helena Bonham Carter also star.
At the Ocean's 8 world premiere, Sandra Bullock said that the criticism of the Ghostbusters reboot was unfair. Sandra Bullock stars alongside Cate Blanchett in Ocean's 8.
One of the most exciting projects in recent times, Ocean's 8 has a glittering cast with top Hollywood actors like Sandra Bullock, Cate Blanchett, Anne Hathaway, Rihanna, Helena Bonham Carter, Mindy Kaling, Sarah Paulson and Awkwafina.
In Cannes Film Festival 2018, the jury is presided over by actor Cate Blanchett, who opened the festival with a call for equality and decried the lack of female filmmakers. Cate Blanchett was flanked by Ava DuVernay, Salma Hayek, among others.
Brought out to officially open the festival, Martin Scorsese gestured for Cate Blanchett to join him in the middle of the Palais des Festivals' stage. And much of the spotlight on the opening day belonged to Blanchett, a prominent member of the Time's Up initiative.
71st Cannes Film Festival jury to be graced by renowned names of Hollywood. The jury will include five men and four women from seven nationalities and five continents, reported variety.com.
Actresses Kate Winslet, Alicia Vikander, Dakota Johnson, Cate Blanchett, Julianne Moore along with Leonardo DiCaprio, Idris Alba, Michael Fassbender walked the red carpet at the Bafta award ceremony held in London. Kate stuck to black, The Danish Girl Alicia surprised fans with a leather gown. A look at who wore what on the red carpet.
Here are the nominees for Best Actress at 73rd Golden Globes, which will be held on January 10th, 2016.
The ongoing 68th Cannes Film Festival has been a great exhibit for not only cinema, but fashion as well. Actresses Natalie Portman, Cate Blanchett, socialite Paris Hilton and models Irina Shayk and Karlie Kloss brought their best to the red carpet on Tuesday (May 19).
On this Oscars red carpet, the statement necklaces went home with multiple trophies. Cate Blanchett wore chunky turquoise, but Oscars 2015 red carpet looks were generally considered classic Academy Awards.
Hollywood beauties Blake Lively, Cate Blanchett and Naomi Watts look stunning in the Cannes red carpet on Day 3 of the 67th Cannes Film Festival.
Hollywood beauties were dressed in their best on the red carpet at the 86th Academy Awards in Los Angeles on March 3.
Hollywood A-Listers including Angelina Jolie, Brad Pitt, Leonardo DiCaprio and Cate Blanchett shone at the 2014 BAFTAs. Prince William and talk-show queen Oprah Winfrey were also in attendance.

The Breeders' Cup Juvenile Turf Sprint is making its debut at this year Breeders' Cup World Championships and will be race five on the day dedicated to promoting "Tomorrow's Stars."
The 5 1/2-furlong race with a million-dollar purse is open to all 2-year-olds. The Juvenile Turf Sprint is a relatively new concept in American horse racing. There are few graded stakes turf races for 2-year-olds and the best will be running two turns in the Juvenile Turf. However, in Europe, there are several group stakes races for 2-year-olds at sprint distances. European 2-year-olds may have also raced in several group stakes already, such as So Perfect and Soldier's Call. Most American 2-year-olds have run in two races, one of those being their maiden.
While most American racing fans recognize Chad Brown as being a great trainer of turf horses, Wesley Ward has six horses among the pre-entries for the Juvenile Turf Sprint with four making the draw. One of those is filly Shang Shang Shang, a filly who beat the boys at the Norfolk Stakes at Royal Ascot and earned herself a "Win and You're In" spot.
Our 15-page Breeders' Cup Wagering Guide is ready for download and here is a sample so you can see the time and quality that goes into making such a guide. With a PRO monthly subscription, you get the full guide plus our full card picks for both days of the Breeders' Cup, all other tracks and races for a month PLUS our 54-page wagering guide on how to best play our picks! Purchase your PRO monthly package here.

Life in the village is hard – but life here also allows the inhabitants to grow and prosper as they please. One villager might want to become a friar. Another might feel ambitious and strive for a career in public office. A third one might want to seek his luck in distant lands.
Each player will take the reins of a family and have them find fame and glory in many different ways. There is one thing you must not forget, however: Time will not stop for anyone and with time people will vanish. Those who will find themselves immortalized in the village chronicles will bring honor to their family and be one step closer to victory.
Village is a game full of tactical challenges. A smart and unique new action mechanism is responsible for keeping turns short and yet still tactically rich and full of difficult decisions. Also unique is the way this game deals with the delicate subject of death; as a natural and perpetual part of life in the village, thoughts of death will keep you focused on smart time-management.
Each player’s turn consists of taking a cube and then taking the action of the area they just took the cube from. The board has multiple different zones with specific attributes, a market, a travel zone, a crafting zone, a church, and a council house. Many of these offer multiple options, so even if you take a cube from the crafting area, you can get an ox, a horse, a cart, a plow, a scroll, or convert wheat to gold. Each zone is seeded with cubes of four colors plus black cubes which serve as curses, there are lots of turns per round. Some areas offer short-term scoring, others offer long-term scoring, and still others offer only end-game scoring. The round ends when there are no cubes at any location. The game ends when either the village chronicle or the anonymous graveyard is full.
Tzolkin: The Mayan Calendar presents a new game mechanism: dynamic worker placement. Playe..
Following along the same lines as its predecessor (Agricola), Caverna: The Cave Farmers is a worker-..
Updated and streamlined for a new generation of players, Agricola, the award-winning and highl..
The "Stone Age" times were hard indeed. In their roles as hunters, collectors, farmers, an..
Set monede din metal create special pentru jocurile de societate. Tematica: Middle Ages C..

An industry run predominately by men shines light on an individual who’s in rare company, as a woman in charge of operations at our JX Truck Center – Wausau location.
Tracy Jonas was featured in the Business News section in the Northcentral Wisconsin Newspaper earlier this month, and it doesn’t come as a surprise to anyone who knows her. Her dedication to the success of JX Truck Center roots back to her regime of managing the Marketing department for 13 years. Jonas brought with her an itch for innovative ideas and creativity, exploring new avenues for growth opportunities.
After her tenure in Marketing, Jonas switched gears to assist with used trucks, and eventually into operations at our Wausau Dealership. As an Operations Manager, Jonas began to identify her own strengths and apply them wherever possible to create and fill her own niche. In this role, she oversees parts, service and the facility as a whole.
Jonas is the definition of a successful woman in trucking. She has the ability to take on a challenge and tackle it quickly. Her diverse background with JX allowed her to see the company through many different lenses and she uses her industry knowledge to continue leading the Wausau Team.
JX Truck Center is proud and fortunate to have Tracy Jonas apart of our team. She is setting the standard for women everywhere, who desire to work in industries predominately run by men.
Keep raising the bar, Tracy!

While the subtitle of the book is “a devotional journal for Easter,” this uniquely formatted book serves a Christian for any occasion, any time of year.
Flanders compiled each chapter to reflect various aspects of God’s nature, his miracles, and his love. The author says Because He Lives is a “celebration of His life, death, burial, and resurrection.” The meditations are meant to get the reader thinking about the life and work of Jesus, especially his Passion week.
Different from any devotional I’ve seen, this one presents a coloring book style. I believe that Flanders creates her journals this way to make the act of meditating on scripture more engaging. As with her other works, the daily readings are mostly dependent on scripture, basing the message on Christian creeds.
While engaging in the scriptures offered for reflection, readers may want to write prayers, poetry, experiences related to the reading, prompts from the Holy Spirit, or anything God brings to the mind and heart. There seems to be a completely gentle way of helping Christians speak on paper the influences of God’s grace in their lives. I found it refreshing in its simplicity.
I enjoyed Flanders’ inclusion of prophesies fulfilled, the various episodes of God’s goodness in Jesus’ ministry, scriptures related to living a life dedicated to Christ, and remembering the eternal perspective that we should always keep in mind.
BookCrash provided a complimentary copy of Because He Lives in exchange for this review.

Venous thrombosis of pancreas transplant allografts often leads to graft loss. We evaluated the efficacy of emergent endovascular techniques to salvage thrombosed pancreatic allografts in a series of six patients. Of the 76 pancreas transplants performed between 2002 and 2006, six patients were diagnosed with venous thrombosis on MRI between 2 and 28 days posttransplant (mean, 9 days). Five patients were systemic-enteric (donor portal vein anastomosis to recipient iliac vein) and one patient was portal-enteric (donor portal vein anastomosis to recipient superior mesenteric vein). Conventional venography confirmed the diagnosis of venous thrombosis in all patients. One patient was treated with catheter-directed venous thrombolysis and balloon thrombectomy. Another patient was treated with rheolytic thrombectomy alone. The remaining four patients were treated with a combination of these mechanical and thrombolytic techniques. Completion venography revealed >50% clot reduction and resumption of venous drainage in all patients. One patient required additional intervention 16 days later for recurrent thrombosis. Two patients required metal stent placement for anastomotic stenoses or kinks. One patient required pancreatectomy 36 h after attempted salvage secondary to a major hemorrhage and graft necrosis. Two patients recovered pancreatic function initially but lost graft function at 8 and 14 months, respectively, from severe chronic rejection. Patient survival was 100%, long-term graft survival was 50%, rethrombosis rate was 16.6%, and graft loss from rejection was 33%. In conclusion, early recognition and treatment of venous thrombosis after pancreas transplantation has acceptable morbidity and no mortality using short-term endovascular pharmacomechanical therapy.

Complete renovation of an existing car dealership for the Fox Motor Group. This project involved a complete interior and exterior renovation to meet the standards of a new Nissan Dealership. With the addition of a new customer service write up area, the project totaled over 31,000 sq. ft.

The National Motor Museum Beaulieu. Stock Image shoot May 27th 2014. – We operate a small and unique collection of hotels and pubs with rooms in beautiful places, each with its own distinct style.

I'm a UC Blog » Same blog, different name!
When I first started up this blog (almost a year ago) it was about Virtualisation, Messaging, Windows, Voice and anything else relevant! However over the last 6 months a common theme has prevailed – Unified Communications.
Therefore from this point forth “I’m a PC Blog” is now “I’m a UC Blog”, both old and new domains remain intact, namely http://imapcblog.com (old) and http://imaucblog.com (new).

On 22 November 2014, Rosie James led a stitching and bunting-making workshop inspired by Dover Museum’s World War 1 exhibition.
The chance to reflect and create. Also meeting a great teacher and participants.
I can’t work out which way to iron my bondaweb on without much debating and thinking.
The detail in the sewn cards and why they were sewn.

Lovely long range wifi long range internet – freemansgarage, long range wi fi is another one of my hobbies i have successfully installed over 20 projects that range from 600ft to 5 miles i thought i would post a little bit about how i do this. building a walk in cooler, next went on an exterior door and some cheap 5 mm plywood an exterior door is important because it is insulated and it has good seals it’s pretty tough at least for me to try to build something that will be as well sealed as the factory made door. 14 super cool homemade coffee table ideas — the family, door slab table a homemade coffee table can start with many different recycled items e of the simplest is a door remove the door if it’s still mounted to a frame and refinish to enhance the natural wood or give it a fresh coat of paint. 50 Best Roll up Door images in 2018, 137 best Garage door colors images on Pinterest in 2018, 11 best Repurpose your old garage door images on Pinterest, 22 best Garage Decals images on Pinterest, Welding table 26 x 63 building 2 of them to act like sawhorses, 16 Diy Garage Door, 16 Diy Garage Door, 21 best Garage Door Flooring images on Pinterest, Diy Garage Shelves Plans Kollaboration iDeas, 26 best Halloween Garage Door images on Pinterest in 2018, that was posted on Garage category.
So, if you want to download this best photo about Homemade Garage Door Unique Average 2 Car Garage Dimensions, just right click and choose 'save image as' to save this photo to your computer. To search for similar photo you can go to Garage page. In addition, we also have a similar photo titled Homemade Garage Door Best Of 26 Best Halloween Garage Door Images On Pinterest In 2018, Homemade Garage Door New 201 Best Clever Curb Appeal Ideas Images On Pinterest In 2018, Homemade Garage Door New 102 Best Garage Ideas Images On Pinterest In 2018, Homemade Garage Door Luxury 232 Best The Garage Images On Pinterest In 2018, Homemade Garage Door Photo Of 70 Best Garage Doors Images In 2018.
That's all of my posts about Homemade Garage Door Unique Average 2 Car Garage Dimensions, hopefully according to what you want, bye!

Um... first guess... is your AI image white by any chance... and the background of the AE file is also white.
Hi Levi thanks for your reply.. Unfortunately not.. this is my Ai file.
latest update... it has finally work... I found out that you will need to rasterize the image layer.. and it work immediately.. thanks for help anyway..
I think that when you import into Ae, the images in the Ai file need to be embedded and not just linked like when you place an image so rasterising it would in effect embed the image.

This April we have all kinds of new features on the forum!
If you haven't already seen or used the newest and biggest of our features, the news headline section contains motorsport news from four wheels to two. Check it out on the homepage, and click the chequered flag to visit the whole news page updated daily.

Amber Wutich, Jessica Budds, Laura Eichelberger, Jo Geere, Leila M. Harris, Jennifer A. Horney, Wendy Jepson, Emma Norman, Kathleen O’Reilly, Amber L. Pearson, Sameer H. Shah, Jamie Shinn, Karen Simpson, Chad Staddon, Justin Stoler, Manuel P. Teodoro, Sera L. Young. (2017). Advancing methods for research on household water insecurity: Studying entitlements and capabilities, socio-cultural dynamics, and political processes, institutions and governance. Water Security, 2.

I am looking for a homemade POWDERED (french vanilla ) coffee creamer.
I like the idea of a keeping a powdered coffee creamer around and started with a base of dry milk. I looked at some recipes online and played around with some basic ingredients. Here’s what I came up with.
Melt the coconut oil in the microwave. Pour all ingredients into a food processor or blender and blend until you get a smooth powdery consistency. Transfer to an airtight glass container. This makes a good plain powdered creamer.
For more simple recipes for homemade mixes and convenience foods, check out my Homemade Mixes – Make It Yourself & Save Kindle Cookbook.

Click on full screen icon for an incredible view.
More on today's Earth Day March for Science here.
remained closed until further notice because of a leak discovered on Saturday, April 8.
Some good news. Roosevelt Island Operating Corp (RIOC) President Susan Rosenthal reported to the April 20 RIOC Board of Directors meeting that repairs to the pool are underway and almost completed. Ms Rosenthal expects (hopes?) the pool will be open by May 1.
One thing we learned is we can't just respond to problems. We have to look at these old buildings and other infrastructure around the Island and do work before there is a problem. That's going to be challenging for us.
It's been tough but I apologize to the community.... It's not the fault of anyone other than it's an old building. Things have not been updated over the years.
Please be advised that, due to equipment failure, the Sportspark pool remains closed for repairs. RIOC staff is working closely with pool specialists to address the issue and expects the pool to re-open on Monday, May 1st.
Diamond Rewards customer loyalty program items for April 21 - May 4 are now available .
That's 18 weekends in a row of Roosevelt Island F train service to and from Manhattan. The last Roosevelt Island weekend F train service disruption was December 16-19, 2016.
MTA has advised that due to a power outage there is NO "F" train service in either direction. Please plan your travel accordingly and visit mta.info or call 511 for more information.
The line for the North side of the tram is past sports park.
The queue for the tram is really long now.
@NYCTSubway When will we move? It's been almost an hour stuck on the F line at Roosevelt island. Please help.
@mtanowf best way out of roosevelt island rn is the tram!! Get in line asap! Donr bither going into the station.
Trains are so fucked I’m waiting for a cab on Roosevelt Island.
Similar situation happened March 9 and January 9.
Governor Andrew M. Cuomo today directed the New York State Department of Public Service and the Metropolitan Transportation Authority to conduct an immediate investigation into Con Edison’s equipment failure that led to significant delays across MTA New York City Transit subways this morning.
New York City Transit subways experienced a loss of station power at the Seventh Avenue Station in Manhattan due to a Con Edison equipment failure. The outage resulted in the loss of signals, escalators, communications and station lighting. MTA New York City Transit immediately deployed MTA generators to the station to restore the signals allowing trains to bypass the station. Service has resumed with residual delays.
"The loss of power due to a Con Edison equipment failure during the morning rush hour caused a cascading effect and impacted the lives of thousands of commuters. Simply put, this was completely unacceptable and I am directing the Department of Public Service and the MTA to conduct an immediate investigation into the Con Edison equipment failure, the cause of the outage and the response to it. The New York City subway system is the lifeblood of the city and a critical means of transportation for millions of people, which is why we are making unprecedented capital investments into modernizing the system. The MTA will continue to deploy emergency resources to address the short-term issues, and our investigation will address all aspects of today’s events to get to the bottom of what happened."
Island Kids is a not for profit organization providing support to the families of Roosevelt Island by offering affordable, quality enrichment opportunities and support groups. Programming includes enrichment classes for babies, toddlers and pre schoolers, support programs and workshops for parents and caregivers, a summer camp program for children aged 4-10 and an After School Program at PS/IS 217.
Island Kids stands firm in its mission to serve the entire Roosevelt Island Community and therefore offers scholarships to those who might otherwise not be able to participate in our programs.
... $2,963,705 to the Roosevelt Island Operating Corporation to construct a bike-only ramp to the Roosevelt Island Bridge.
... Can the project go forward now or is more money needed?
$2.963!! The project is going forward NOW. We will be preparing the scope of work for the RFP seeking a structural engineer. The agreements regarding the grant are yet to be seen, however. Note that before the grant, we spoke to a number of officials who expressed an interest in the project and we intend to revisit those interested parties. We are so excited about the project!
Below are renderings of the fully funded Roosevelt Island Bridge Bike ramp from RIOC.
The Roosevelt Island community has long been waiting for a bike-only ramp to allow cyclists an easy and safe connection to the Roosevelt Island Bridge. Thanks to Governor Cuomo, nearly $3 million in federal dollars are being allocated to this ramp so the connection can become a reality. Cyclists will no longer have to carry their bikes up flights of stairs, or risk their safety by sharing the helix ramp with cars. It’s great that the state, federal government and community are working together to make Roosevelt Island a safer, more accessible place.
During the March 29 Cornell Tech Roosevelt Island Town Hall Meeting, Cornell Tech's Assistant Director of Government & Community Relations Jane Swanson reported on the proposed Roosevelt Island Bridge Bike Ramp.
Good job by RIOC and Cornell Tech.
Now, let's see if RIOC can get a qualified bidder for the RFP to do the bike ramp project.
The RIOC VOTE is in!
It literally took a village..... 30+ volunteers, at 12 sites, who devoted 90+ man-hours of labor!
Thanks for the hard work of each and every volunteer who made this process possible!
Special thanks to Margie Smith who helped educate our candidates and the community about the importance of this vote. And extra appreciation to Bill Weiss and Laura Hussey who gave additional time to help tally the voting results.
And special thanks to the Managing Agents at 455 Main St, Rivercross, Manhattan Park, Westview, Island House, Octagon and Roosevelt Landings for their help in providing tables and access to their lobbies for this important vote!
Video of the April 12 Meet the RIOC Board Nominee Candidate night is here.
Howard Polivy, David Kraut and Michael Shinozaki are long time RIOC Board Directors currently serving. Mr. Polivy and Mr. Kraut did not give their permission to be placed on the election ballot and were not participants in any pre-election publicity. Mr. Shinozaki did agree to participate in the election. All the other nominee candidates actively participated in the election process.
The election is not without controversy. Claims of ballot fraud, which I am not going to get into right now, have been raised. Click here to read all about the election controversy in this comments thread.
The Roosevelt Island Operating Corp (RIOC) Board of Directors will meet tomorrow evening, April 20 at the Cultural Center (548 Main Street).
Among the items on the Agenda is the amendment of the Master Retail Lease with Hudson Related and the purchase of two new diesel Red Buses.
The Master Retail Lease item was added to the Agenda late today. No information yet what that may be about.
One June 23, 2016, the Board approved the purchase of two diesel buses. This was due to an aging bus fleet that will need to be phased out over time. The purchase of the two new buses has alleviated several issues, however, supply shortages and higher repair costs still exists with a predominantly older bus fleet. As part of an allotted 6-year budget plan, from 2016 through 2022, all of the current aging buses on the fleet will be replaced.
The RIOC Operations Department contacted three commuter bus manufacturers. Two manufactures (New Flyer and Nova) offered their prices, while the third (Gilig) did not submit a price. Below is a summary of the bids received, including company, model, price and other relevant information. These bids were evaluated based on specifications desired, intercompany history and price.
New Flyer Industries Inc. is our recommended vendor, as they offer competitive pricing, meet all of the Department of Operations requirements and RIOC has a long standing business relationship.
New Flyer is the leading manufacturer of heavy-duty buses in the U.S. and Canada, headquartered in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada. RIOC and New Flyer have been conducting business together for over 20 years, starting with a purchase of four buses in 1994. A New Flyer bus that was purchased in May of 1994 was put out of service on November 3rd, 2009, lasting over 15 years. Moreover, the two most recent purchases have performed exceedingly well. All this highlights the reliability and durability of New Flyer buses. In addition to the proven quality of the buses, New Flyer’s knowledgeable mechanics impress RIOC and strengthens our recommendation to award the contract to the company.
RIOC’s Department of Operations requests an authorization for an amount not-to-exceed $430,694 per bus, for a total price of $861,388 towards the purchase of two buses from New Flyer.
Here'e April 19 Memo from RIOC President Susan Rosenthal to the RIOC Board describing the proposal.
More info from the Bowery Boys and a look back at Mae West - Why Don't You Come Up And See Me Sometime.
Roosevelt Island's Gallery RIVAA invites you to an evening of Slam Poetry Friday, April 21.
You are cordially invited to a special event "Spoken Word by Slam Poet Steven Willis + OPEN DOORS Writers" on Friday April 21st, from 6-8pm at Gallery RIVAA.
World Slam Poetry Finalist Steven Willis mixes elements of hip hop with history in his explosive spoken-word art.
At Gallery RIVAA, Willis will be performing with OPEN DOORS participants who live at NYC Health + Hospitals/Coler on Roosevelt Island. OPEN DOORS works with men affected by gun violence to improve their lives and inspire action for safer, more just communities.
OPEN DOORS connects Coler Hospital residents affected by gun violence with the resources to improve their lives and use their stories to inspire action for safer, more just communities.
Since OPEN DOORS’ launch in June 2016, the project has established creativity workshops, where our clients frame, develop, and share their experiences, with guidance from visiting artists. Through these workshops and one-on-one coaching, clients identify personal goals to enrich their lives, and ultimately, to reintegrate into the communities from which they’ve been cut off.
Here's some Slam Poetry from Steven Willis.
The first batch of Citi Bikes will be rolling in to Astoria sometime this summer.
The Department of Transportation presented a map of 59 proposed locations for Citi Bike docking stations at a Community Board 1 Transportation Committee meeting last night, though DOT is still looking for feedback on the proposed locations.
and Roosevelt Island was the neighborhood with most request for Citibike docking stations.
Hopes were high in September 2010 for a Roosevelt Island bike sharing station when the Roosevelt Island Operating Corp (RIOC) undertook a demonstration here.
Citibike stations are already located in nearby Long Island City.
Will Citibike ever install bicycle sharing stations on Roosevelt Island? I asked Roosevelt Island's NYC Council Member Ben Kallos, a long time supporter of Citibike stations on Roosevelt Island.
Roosevelt Island began investigating the options of a bike share in the summer of 2012 when the city first launched its program. With the ongoing support from the community, Citibike docking stations were requested for R.I., more than any other zip code in town. The community deserves to be a part of this successful initiative. Bike share systems provide sturdy bikes at self-service docking stations and are available 24/7.
It’s a great alternative means of transportation and is a quick and healthy way to get around the island. We are currently exploring bringing CitiBike to Roosevelt Island jointly with the Roosevelt Island Operating Corporation (RIOC), the Department of Transportation (NYCDOT) and Motivate.
before entering Motorgate Garage would work?
UPDATE 4/19 - Except, I don't think we want Roosevelt Island jam packed with tourists on bicycles.
This year the Cherry Blossom Festival will be held on Saturday, April 29th from 12 Noon to 5 p.m. The festival is a multi-organization event with many island organizations taking part including RIOC, RIRA, parents groups and many more.
A full schedule of the days' events will be published soon.
See you at the April 29 Roosevelt Island Cherry Blossom Festival!!!!
The Roosevelt Island Residents Association (RIRA) is conducting an election on April 17 & 18 to provide NY State Governor Andrew Cuomo with nominees for selection as Roosevelt Island Operating Corp (RIOC) Board of Directors.
and adds that volunteers are still needed to cover the election sites. Please email Ms. Short if you are interested in volunteering to help with the election.
urged residents to vote and ask their neighbors to vote as well.
According to Ms. Short, RIOC President Susan Rosenthal does not see need for the election because the RIOC President works for the Governor and the Governor selects the RIOC Board. Ms Short believes that the RIOC President and Directors should work for the Roosevelt Island community first and foremost.
Below are statements and biographies of the RIOC Board nominee candidates. Note that the candidates are not running against each other but to fill vacant or currently expired Board Director seats. You can vote for one candidate or all of them in order of preference.
I am so proud to take part in this important opportunity to represent my fellow residents on the Roosevelt Island Operating Corporation Board. My wife and I fell in love with the Island community and have made our home here. We live here, shop here, park our car here, educate our son here (RIDN), and make ample use of the Island’s resources. We certainly enjoy the convenience, the diversity and the charm that is Roosevelt Island but firmly believe that we need a stronger voice in Albany. I am fervently passionate about education and public safety as well as ensuring that our community retains its appeal to tourists, visitors and now our Cornell Tech neighbors while addressing commercial growth and quality of life in a proactive way.
It is no secret that New York taxes are among the highest in the nation and the Island affords us great services but there are many improvements needed particularly with the anticipated population increase. The use of impact funding and allocation of resources should involve voices from those who are most affected; our Island residents. Serving commercial or political interests should not mean neglecting our at-risk populations and we should not stand idly by while increased demands on parking, sanitation and maintenance, public safety and security, recreation programs and spaces go unaddressed.
As a Marine and a Special Operations Officer I understand the intrinsic value that such a position holds. The responsibility to represent the community without regard to labels, party affiliation or special interests is paramount to our success. I believe in proactive and collaborative leadership and in expressing the voice of our community with honesty and integrity no matter how unpopular the message may be.
I am at your service and hope that you will see fit to consider me for the RIOC Board.
Eduardo Jany is a first generation immigrant and native of São Paulo, Brazil who moved with his family to the United States in 1968, was naturalized a U.S. Citizen and speaks fluent Portuguese and Spanish. He has lived in four different countries and settled in New York City after being promoted to his current position. Eduardo spent the bulk of his working life in public service and is a retired police officer and career Marine who now directs Security Operations for Bloomberg in the Americas with an area of responsibility which includes the global headquarters and more than 45 facilities with over 10,000 people in ten different countries. He is also Bloomberg’s Director for Global Health and Safety. Prior to joining Bloomberg, Eduardo provided consulting and advisory services for international security and law enforcement projects with special emphasis on Brazil for the 2014 World Cup and 2016 Olympic Games.
He retired as a Colonel from the Marine Corps having served 33 years of combined active and reserve duty in Special Operations, Anti-Terrorism, Reconnaissance and Infantry assignments and had prior enlisted and commissioned service in the U.S. Army Special Forces. He had over seven years of overseas deployments and Commanded the Anti-Terrorism Battalion, at the time the largest Battalion in the Marine Corps. He also retired from law enforcement as a Captain - Assistant Chief of Police after more than 20 years of active police service in Florida, Minnesota and Washington State. Eduardo was wounded in the line of duty during a high-risk SWAT operation in 2003 but made a full recovery and returned to active service and several deployments overseas.
He received a Master’s in Criminal Justice from the University of Wisconsin, Platteville and attended the University of Minnesota for undergraduate studies. He was a 2013 Senior Executive Fellow at the Harvard University - Kennedy School of Government, and completed the Kennedy School National and International Security Senior Executive Program, the National Defense University Reserve Components National Security Program, and is a graduate of the United States Marine Corps Command and Staff College.
He was the recipient of the Bronze Star Medal, Defense Meritorious Service Medal, Joint Meritorious Service Medal, several US and foreign awards as well as the Police Medal of Valor and Officer of the Year-Excellence in Service Award. He is a volunteer mentor with ACP assisting with Veteran’s outreach, is on the Executive Board of the Overseas Security Advisory Council – Latin America Committee, the Domestic Security Alliance Council, and is an active member of the Citizen’s Crime Commission of New York City.
He is married to Luciana Pinheiro, a former US Embassy Staff member in Brazil and has a baby boy who attends RIDN and two daughters.
Hello, my name is Brian Bower, and I'm a native New Yorker and a resident of Roosevelt Island since 2010. I have worked in data analysis and risk evaluation at Thomson Reuters for the last 2 years. I got married in 2016 and am an enthusiastic cook for my wife; you will see me every Saturday frequenting our Farmer's Market to pick up fresh produce for the upcoming week.
Having lived on the Island for the last 7 years, I have become increasingly concerned with the maintenance of the Island's public spaces, facilities, and the allocation of our resources. I believe that the Island's resources should be maintained for our community at a higher standard, and that our Public Safety department needs to be sufficiently funded and staffed, especially given the upcoming opening of Cornell's facilities. It is also essential that we fill the empty storefronts which litter Main Street.
If appointed to the board, I will work to ensure the Island Residents' interests are represented in the financial decisions of RIOC.
Thank You, and I hope to be able to represent our community.
Being part of the solution and not part of the problem – that’s why I’m running for the RIOC Board of Directors.
My training and education is in Operations Research, with undergraduate and graduate degrees from Columbia University’s School of Engineering and Applied Science. The goal of Operations Research is to apply mathematical efficiency to organizations and processes. Early in my career, I worked in multinational financial organizations: Citibank, HSBC/Marine Midland Bank and Swiss Bank Corporation. I had increasing project management responsibilities interfacing with all levels of multinational business, trading floor, IT and operations management.
The last 19 years I’ve been a college math professor, working at the Vaughn College of Aeronautics and am currently developing a pilot program for developmental math students at CUNY.
I’ve been an active member of the Roosevelt Island community: Treasurer of the Island House Tenant’s Association, President and Treasurer of the PS/IS217 PTA, and Treasurer of the Main Street Theatre and Dance Alliance (MSTDA). My activities at Hope Church are an important part of my life. I’m deeply committed to the objectives of the church. I’ve raised 3 children who have all attended PS/IS 217, two of them are now in college and my youngest attends Eleanor Roosevelt High School.
I urge all of you to vote in this important election. Participate by using your voice to select your community leaders. Then consider how else you can be part of the solution and not part of the problem.
Marc Block has lived on Roosevelt Island since 2005, with his wife, Fang Block, and two daughters, Hannah and Jacqueline. Marc is an active member of the Roosevelt Island Community, regularly coaching both soccer and baseball, and has served on the board of directors of several non-profits.
Marc is a litigation partner at the law firm of Littleton Joyce Ughetta Park & Kelly LLP, where he represents clients in complex commercial, intellectual property, securities and real estate litigation domestically and abroad. He also serves as a Neutral with the United Nation’s World Intellectual Property Organization.
Marc is a former professor at the Fashion Institute of Technology's Foundation Center for Continuing Education, guest lecturer on legal and business issues facing fashion designers at Parsons New School of Design, and recent past President of the International Intellectual Property Society. He authored the following articles: (1) The Benefits of Alternate Dispute Resolution for International Commercial and Intellectual Property Matters, 44 Rutgers L. Rec. 1 (2016) (Publication Pending), (also to be available at http://www.lawrecord.com (all rights reserved)); (2) Nissan Motor Co. v. Nissan Computer Corp.: Ninth Circuit Construes the Federal Trademark Dilution Act, 13 N.Y. St. B.A. Bright Ideas 3 (Winter, 2004); and (3) When are Ideas Protectible?, 18 N.Y. St. B.A. Bright Ideas I (Spring, 2009).
Michael Shinozaki was appointed to serve on the Board of Directors of the Roosevelt Island Operating Corporation from 2004 to 2009 by Mayor Michael Bloomberg and Governor George Pataki. He was re-appointed to the Board by Governor Patterson in January of 2010.
He holds dual Bachelor's Degrees in history and international relations, an honors BA/MA in economics/applied mathematics and a Master's degree in financial economics from the City University of New York. He is a Senior Architect in the financial services and government sectors for the Microsoft Corporation.
His primary areas of specialization are data network communications, security, and data center design and operations. Prior to joining Microsoft he worked for Price Waterhouse, Citigroup, and JPMorgan.
He has lived in New York City since 1986 and on Roosevelt Island since 1991. He is married to Lynne Strong-Shinozaki and has 3 children.
He is an Eagle Scout, a Civil Air Patrol Spaatz Award recipient, and was cited by the American Legion and National Sojourners Society for leadership and military excellence. During the summer of 2010 he had the honor of serving with the US military as a civilian supporting operations in Kabul, Afghanistan.
Here is video of the April 12 RIOC Board Director Nominee Candidate's Forum. I went to the Forum skeptical of the election but came away very impressed with the candidates.
Following presentations by the candidates, the Roosevelt Island residents in attendance asked questions.
With a magic wand, what one Roosevelt Island change would the candidates like to see?
Budget priorities, pets, traffic, public safety.
Infrastructure maintenance, RIOC Accountability, independence from Governor's Office.
Is RIOC Board a Rubber Stamp for the Governor or independent? Better use of open space, ball fields and recreational space for residents.
Cornell Tech, Transportation, Youth Community Center.
Balance being an independent RIOC Director with the interests of NY State.
Former Mayor Mike Bloomberg's interest in Roosevelt Island and end of the Forum.
The candidates should be thanked for their willingness to serve the Roosevelt Island community. Take a few moments on Monday and Tuesday to cast a ballot.
More on the RIOC Board Director nominee election at this previous post.

Court South gym in Knoxville is your one-stop shop for health, fitness and relaxation! We’ll get you moving whether you’re an experienced athlete or just starting out on your fitness quest. Guaranteed!
Like to challenge yourself? Visit our cardio theater with its large projection screen and enjoy some of your favorite films while working out! You could also challenge yourself with some circuit training, cycling, free weights or running on our indoor track. Working out with a group more your speed? Try one of our group training classes such as Les Mills, BodyPump, BodyJam, Zumba or Yoga. We also have martial arts classes for both adults and kids. Enjoy fast-paced games of racquetball, wallyball or basketball on our fitness center courts.
Even kids can get into the fitness act. We offer ballet, yoga, tumbling, martial arts, movement classes and basketball drills just for them. Free onsite childcare is also available to our members. Workout without worry while your kids are supervised and entertained.
Not sure where to start? We invite you to visit the National Fitness Center in Knoxville (Court South) today. Personal trainers are available to assess, coach and encourage you on your fitness journey.
Whether you’re seeking a weight loss solution or the best physical fitness program, we’ve got what you need to help you succeed!

Road To The Clouds galaxy s8 case by Bette Phelan. Protect your Galaxy S8 with an impact-resistant, slim-profile, hard-shell case. The image is printed directly onto the case and wrapped around the edges for a beautiful presentation. Simply snap the case onto your Galaxy S8 for instant protection and direct access to all of the phone's features!
This red cinder road in Waimea gives the appearance of leading off into the clouds above the Kohala Mountains.
Bette Phelan is an artist and a musician living on the Big Island of Hawaii. Her art and music are inspired by the natural beauty of Hawaii. COPYRIGHT: � Bette Phelan ALL IMAGES ON THIS WEB SITE ARE FULLY PROTECTED BY U.S. AND INTERNATIONAL COPYRIGHT LAWS. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. These images may not be used, copied, reproduced or manipulated in any form without the expressed written permission of Bette Phelan.

ABOVE: Bay Area residents seek the California dream — in Sacramento. Lower housing prices are the big draw. Click here if you are having trouble viewing the video on your mobile device.
Click desperately through real estate websites for a cheaper home and a better life?
Efforts to move out of the Bay Area continued in recent months, with 16,000 residents packing up and taking to the road for cheaper housing and new opportunities. A study by real estate brokerage Redfin found the Bay Area remains the top region for outward migration in the country.
Why are all these Bay Area residents leaving?
The steady climb in real estate prices has made first-time home-buying expensive and frustrating for many newcomers. And rents continued to rise year over year, especially around tech giant headquarters in Silicon Valley.
The median price in December for a single-family home in Santa Clara County was $1.2 million, while a similar home in San Mateo was $1.4 million, and in Alameda, $838,000, according to real estate firm CoreLogic. A comparable home in Sacramento is $314,000, according to Zillow.
Overall, the region’s population continues to grow. But the number of outgoing residents has hit its highest point in more than a decade, according to a report released Wednesday by Joint Venture Silicon Valley.
People are leaving Silicon Valley nearly as quickly as they are coming in. Between July 2015 and July 2017, the region gained 44,732 immigrants but lost 44,102 residents to other parts of California and the country, according to the regional think tank. The population drops have been most notable on residents between the ages of 18 and 24, and between 45 and 64.
Redfin analysts combine sales data and searches on their website to determine where users are moving. For the past nine months, San Francisco, New York and Los Angeles have had the highest number of residents moving out.
About 1 in 4 Bay Area residents looking to leave searched for homes in Sacramento, and nearly 1 in 10 browsed Seattle listings. The top five destinations for Bay Area movers were Sacramento, Los Angeles, Seattle, Portland and San Diego.
The Bay Area migration also causes ripples through other housing markets, Marr said. Relatively wealthy Silicon Valley residents bid up home prices in other cities, lifting values in their new regions.
Sandy Jamison, owner and broker at Tuscana Properties in San Jose, has seen several homeowners cash in and move to cheaper areas. Among her recent listings of homes for sale, 9 of 10 owners are leaving the state.
A typical client has been in their home for decades, and no longer feels connected to the changing community, she said. Selling a family home for $1 million in the valley and buying a new home for half the price in another state makes sense for many retirees, she said.

How well does your Rheumatoid Arthritis medical affairs team performance compare with the rest?
According to this latest survey of 150 rheumatologists across the EU5 (UK, France, Germany, Italy and Spain) the performance of rheumatoid arthritis medical affairs teams still has a way to go in some key areas. Find out what physicians think is done well; what they want to see more of; and why some are dissatisfied.
Use Medical Affairs Reputations: Rheumatoid Arthritis 2017 (EU5) to discover how your team can better meet the high expectations of physicians at the frontline.
Tightly bunched at the top. Six teams have leapt ahead with over 70% of physicians recalling an interaction within the last 6 months. Where does your team sit? At the top or toward the bottom?
Fierce competition. One team has leapt to the top of the satisfaction tables for almost every medical affairs attribute. Which team is it, and what can other teams do to catch up?
It’s not just about biologics. With small molecules becoming a critical component of RA treatment, how does the medical affairs team for one of the key small molecule therapies perform? Are they leaders, are they laggards and how does your brand compare?
Are biosimilars delivering the goods? 3 biosimilar brands are included in the survey, but how do they compare to their reference products and what opportunities are open to the medical affairs team to improve overall performance?
Is it about information or attitude? Do respondents value information of attitude when it comes to offering advice to medical affairs teams on specific areas of improvement?
We surveyed 150 rheumatologists from the EU5 (France, Italy, Germany, Spain, UK) chosen from the largest community of validated physicians in the world.
We conducted the survey between October 5-28, 2017.

In today’s market, it’s hard to make sense of what’s what. Deals have grown incestuous for the first time, with outfits like GV investing alongside Uber last week — just months after its parent company, Alphabet, was at Uber’s throat. A $10 million-plus round of seed funding is no longer a joke. Venture firms continue to raise record-breaking amounts of money, despite what feels like creeping uncertainty about how much longer this go-go market can continue.
Unsurprisingly, there’s been some talk lately about deal flow and the possibility that some of the most well-regarded early-stage investors in the industry have quietly applied the brakes. Yet new analysis out of Wing, the 7.5-year-old, Silicon Valley venture firm co-founded by veteran VCs Peter Wagner and Gaurav Garg, draws a conclusion that might surprise nervous industry watchers. After tracking the investment activity of what Wing considers to be the 21 leading venture firms, it discovered that a pullback already happened . . . in 2016. In fact, Wagner, who oversaw the analysis, tells us there’s been so sign of a slowdown since then.
We caught up with Wagner last week to learn more about Wing’s findings — and what might be causing some confusion in the industry right now.
TC: First, why do this kind of study right now?
PW: There’s been a lot of analysts and reporters and LPs and VCs asking us about our investment pace lately, and I think it owes to talk of Benchmark and Union Square Ventures slowing down, so we thought we’d look at some parameters and see what’s going on.
TC: Why not just refer to industry-wide statistics? It seems like there are plenty of these.
PW: They’re kind of swamped with the data of less discriminating investors, though. You really want to focus on the signal, which is why we track what the 21 leading venture firms are doing. And in that analysis, we found no signs of a slowdown. We found instead that there was a peak of activity in 2013 and 2014, a pullback in 2016, and an uptick since.
We cut it different ways, too. We removed international deals in China and India, because they have their own rhythm and can get frothy. We removed seed deals, given there’s been some major schizophrenia among venture firms that waded into seed deals, then pulled out. Even still, 2017 saw an increase in deals over 2016, which was the lowest year in terms of deal activity since 2010.
TC: These were first-time investments?
PW: Yes, and the reason is that follow-on rounds are dictated more by the operational needs of companies. Some could be running out of cash, for example, so it’s non-discretionary. If you want to look at sentiment, you have to look at first-time investments in isolation.
TC: Do you have 2018 data?
PW: We have partial data, of course, and we’ve annualized it to “predict” that 2018 numbers will be close to 2017. That is, if you buy the idea of projecting out, which I don’t really. Also, because you’re looking at a smaller batch of numbers, you’re on thin ice statistically. But for now, at least, we’re seeing a level of activity that was higher than 2016.
TC: You can see why things might be ticking along now: the tech IPO market, SoftBank’s massive Vision Fund, big tech companies getting bigger, which keeps the wheels turning. What happened in 2016? Uncertainly about the U.S. presidential election? Bill Gurley’s warnings that a reckoning was coming?
PW: I really don’t know that it was down so much versus that prior years were up. It was a more a reversion to the mean. The 2016 number still represents a pretty decent and sustainable pace for this industry.
TC: Based on your findings, would you guess a downturn is closer than further away? It seems inevitable, but I’ve thought this for the last three years.
PW: It’s a known unknown. We know there will be a change, but we don’t know when or how deep it will be.
TC: Could things have possibly changed, given that everything is impacted by tech, that software is, in fact, eating the world? That’s obviously the bull case.
PW: It’s pretty darn mainstream, whether via digital transformation or just the massive disruption of massive industries buy digitally native competitors. I don’t know, is the answer. But it’s true. Tech isn’t a sideshow anymore.

It 's a good steel.
Forging is possible, but has several problems.
1.Before foremost that of decarbonization, which will be more extensive and profound than what happens in academic low alloy steels. This is because the K360 It contains a good amount of chromium (8.75%).
2.Secondariamente the difficulty of forging, due to the content of primary carbides present all'ustenizzazione (at a temperature of forging short).
3.Inoltre quenching and tempering should be done with a very good oven, using tricks to avoid decarburization (controlled atmosphere or candy).
Forging may still have beneficial effects on K360, such as grain refining and fiber direction del'acciaio, but ESR technology allows for a fine grain apart, evenly distributed carbides and fine.
If you like, if you do not have the K360, you could use his "poor relation", the Sleipner (which by the way an artisan Scandinavian forge successful, even if the problems are pretty much the same as K360).
Or there 's also the Krupp 2990, very similar in composition to K360 (but not manufactured with technology ESR) *.
Ac3 but 'for the K360 do not think there (is the splitting of Ac1), because it is a steel ipereutettoide. I know the place is Acm, ie the temperature at which all carbide enter into solution in the iron range (Acm practically indicates the saturation index dell'austenite). In any case if there were too Acm would be well below 1040 ° C, given the hardening temperature of the K360.
Regarding the decarburization, the steels with high chromium undergo decarburization deeper than low alloy steels such as AISI O1, O2, 5260, 52100, etc..
But when you go to forge a blade, then you have to remove much more than a few tenths, at least from the surface of the bevels. So for that I do not think there are problems, if you know the first estimate decarburization.
The K360 is a self-hardening to beyond 1040 ° C structure, with cooling in still air, it becomes quite hard. Probably even in still air is hardening. Doing an experiment with D2 (1.2739), analyzing two specimens hardened and tempered with the same parameters, one off in a forced air and in still air, and the result 'was 58 HRC for both.
Indeed this may be a problem, especially if you can not heat evenly throughout the knife (because the small size of the forge, for example).
However already shaping around 900-950 ° C believe that the problems would decrease, since the hardenability at that temperature, would be "limited."
These problems (high hardenability, decarburization deep) are common to many steels, including the Sleipner, but are forged successfully (to produce knives). So I think with a little 'experience and congnizione cause, they can be overcome.
* In the ESR steel is higher than the transverse resilience (closest to the values of longitudinal resilienz).

Sai reunites Tulsa with her husband and daughter. Tulsa thanks Sai and leaves with her family. Kulkarni with his family walks into Keshav’s room and wishes him happy birthday. Servant greets in broken English. Keshav laughs and says it is wish you happy birthday. Whole family rejoices. Kulkarni asks Keshav to get ready for prayers. Keshav prays god with family. Kulkarni praises he has become like him and says he is going out on business now. Keshav gets happy thinking he can go out and party.
for him like she used to in Dwarkamayi. Lakhshmi happily agrees and says she will enjoy jalebis with her friends also, Ali, etc.. and Keshav, gets sad thinking of Keshav’s rude behavior. Sai gives her maida and leaves.
Jiva passes by Ranoji’s home and seeing him sitting idle says he is going to market to by bulls, if he can accompany and help him bargain. Ranoji yells he is taunting him that he is jobless since 2 months. Jiva says he did not mean. Ranoji’s wife asks him not to misbehave with Jiva. Ranoji fights even with her. Sai passes by and asks what happened. Jiva explains he was going to market and thought of taking Ranoji to keep his mind busy. Ranoji shouts he does not his sympathy. Jiva leaves. Sai asks Ranoji if he will accompany him at least. Ranoji happily agrees and walks with Sai.
Keshav goes to arrack shop and asks shop owner to give him liquor. Owner seeing his dressing sense says he will give, but not without money. Keshav gives him money and giving bottle asks to fill it in this. Owner asks his employee to fill best liquor in it as this boy looks very rich and once get addicted will shower money on them. Keshav sees Sai passing by and hides tensely.
Sai takes Ranoji to his house and does gardening with him and then prepares taweez and gives it to him and asks to wear it and go to his business, it will flourish well. Ranoji happily accepts thinking Sai never gave taweez to anyone till now and promises Sai he will work hard and show progress.
Lakhsmi brings jalebis and enjoys it with Sai and all her friends. Pari cracks lame joke. Everyone sit silently. Sai laughs followed by everyone. Lakshmi asks Sai why did he make her prepare so many jalebis, who is it for. Sai shows Keshav passing by. Ramoji goes and asks Keshav to join them to have jalebis. Keshav thinks he will have one and run away. Sai wishes happy birthday to Keshav. Everyone excitedly wish him and feed jalebis. Lakshmi jokes Keshavi is standing like Tulsa tai. Sai blesses Keshav to go on a right path and not folllow wrong one. Keshav says his mother is waiting for him. Sai asks him to meet them often. Keshav returns home and drinks liquor.
Precap: Ranoji returns from market and says his business was very profitable due to his given taweez. Sai asks if he can return that taweez. Keshav gets sad.

Martin Clark has been praised as "part John Grisham, part Hunter S. Thompson, and part sheer grit" (Denver Post). Mason Hunt returns to his small Virginia hometown as the county's commonwealth attorney. Mason's brother Gates, who's currently serving a 20-year prison term, thinks Mason should have enough pull to set him free. And when Mason refuses, Gates hatches a plan to destroy his brother's life with a secret they both swore they'd take to the grave.

A man appearing to wear journalist Jamal Khashoggi’s clothes left the Saudi Consulate in Istanbul following his killing there, according to a surveillance video, while a member of Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman’s entourage made four calls to the royal’s office around the same time, reports said on Monday.
The reports by CNN and a pro-government Turkish newspaper came just a day before Prince Mohammed’s high-profile investment summitis to begin in Riyadh and Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan has promised that details of Khashoggi’s killing “will be revealed in all its nakedness”.
Th reports add to the pressure Saudi Arabia faces over the slaying of The Washington Post columnist.
The kingdom’s Saturday’s claim on that Khashoggi died in a “fistfight” were met with international scepticism and allegations of a cover-up to absolve the 33-year-old crown prince of direct responsibility.
Turkish media reports and officials maintain that a 15-member Saudi team flew to Istanbul on Oct 2, knowing Khashoggi would arrive for a document he needed to get married.
Once he was inside the diplomatic mission, the Saudis accosted Khashoggi, cut off his fingers, killed and dismembered the 59-year-old writer.
CNN aired surveillance footage on Monday showing a man in Khashoggi’s dress shirt, suit jacket and pants.
The man is seen in the footage walking out of the consulate via its back exit with an accomplice, then taking a taxi to Istanbul’s famed Sultanahmet Mosque, where he went into a public bathroom, changed back out of the clothes and left.
In the days after Khashoggi vanished, Saudi officials initially claimed that he had left the consulate, implying premeditation on the part of the Saudi team.
“After Turkish authorities and the media were allowed to inspect the consulate building in its entirety, the accusations changed to the outrageous claim that he was murdered, in the consulate, during business hours, and with dozens of staff and visitors in the building,” Saudi Ambassador to the US Prince Khalid bin Salman, a brother of the crown prince, wrote on Oct 8.
A separate report by newspaper Yeni Safak said that Maher Abdulaziz Mutreb, a member of Prince Mohammed’s entourage on trips to the United States, France and Spain this year, made the calls from the consulate.
The newspaper said the four calls went to Bader al-Asaker, the head of Prince Mohammed’s office.
It said another call went to the United States.
Yeni Safak cited no source for the information. However, pro-government newspapers have been leaking information about Khashoggi’s killing, apparently with the help of Turkish security forces.
Yeni Safak reported last week that Saudi officials cut off Khashoggi’s fingers and then decapitated him at the consulate as his fiance waited outside.
Officials in Saudi Arabia have not answered repeated requests for comment from The Associated Press in recent days, including on Monday.
Saudi Arabia so far has not acknowledged or explained Mutreb’s presence in Istanbul, nor that a forensics and autopsy expert was also on hand for Khashoggi’s arrival at the consulate.
Last week, a leaked photograph apparently taken from surveillance footage showed Mutreb at the consulate, just ahead of Khashoggi’s arrival.
Mutreb’s name also matches that of a first secretary who once served as a diplomat at the Saudi Embassy in London, according to a 2007 list compiled by the British Foreign Office.
Meanwhile, Saudi state media reported that both Prince Mohammed and King Salman made calls to Khashoggi’s son, Salah, early on Monday morning.
Statements from the agency said both the king and the crown prince expressed their condolences for Khashoggi’s death.
A Saudi friend of Khashoggi who was in frequent touch with him before his death told the AP that Salah Khashoggi had been under a travel ban and barred from leaving the kingdom since last year as a result of his father’s criticism of the government.
The friend spoke on condition of anonymity for fear of repercussion.
The Saudi statements did not acknowledge the ban.
Istanbul’s chief prosecutor had summoned 28 more staff members of the Saudi Consulate, including Turkish citizens and foreign nationals, to give testimony.
Some Turkish employees reportedly said they were instructed not to go to work around the time that Khashoggi disappeared.
Saudi Foreign Minister Adel al-Jubeir on Sunday told Fox News that Khashoggi’s killing was “a rogue operation” and that “we don’t know where the body is”.
However, leading Republicans and Democrats in Congress are saying Saudi Arabia should face punishment over Khashoggi’s killing.
US President Donald Trump also had talked about possible punishment but said he didn’t want to halt proposed arms sales to Saudi Arabia because he maintained it would harm American manufacturers.
Britain, Germany and France issued a joint statement condemning the killing of Khashoggi, saying there is an “urgent need for clarification of exactly what happened”.
In a statement on Sunday, the governments said attacks on journalists are unacceptable and “of utmost concern to our three nations”.
They said the “hypotheses” proposed so far in the Saudi investigation need to be backed by facts to be considered credible.
German Economy Minister Peter Altmaier underlined that point on Monday, calling for a joint European position as Germany “won’t at this point approve any further arms exports because we want to know what happened”.
Moreover, Saudi Arabia Monday said that it had no plans to repeat its harsh 1973 oil embargo, even as relations with the West sour following the killing of Khashoggi.
Riyadh, long the world’s biggest oil producer, hiked prices sharply during the 1973 Yom Kippur War, setting off a wave of inflation that plunged developed economies into years of crisis.
Saudi Oil Minister Khaled al-Faleh told the TASS news agency that “there is no intention” of repeating the events of 1973.
“Saudi Arabia is a completely responsible country. For decades, we have used our oil (production) policy as a responsible economic tool and we have kept it apart from politics,” Faleh was quoted as telling TASS in an interview in Riyadh.
“Saudi Arabia has been coherent in its policy. We work to stabilise global markets and to facilitate global economic growth,” he added.
Riyadh’s changing accounts of what happened to Khashoggi, an insider turned critic of the government, have run into increasing western scepticism, with even firm ally US President Donald Trump saying the government had lied about what happened.
“This incident will pass,” al-Faleh forecast.

Our second Milestones Report on the transition of Australian payments to the digital economy shows that the rapid decline in cheque use is continuing as electronic alternatives become more convenient.
Figures from the Reserve Bank of Australia show that for the year to June 2013, cheques use dropped 13.3% – down from 241 million to 209 million. This compares with a 12.5% drop for the year to December 2012.
The report further highlights the initiatives undertaken by financial institutions and Government to ensure a smooth transition to the digital economy for those that still rely on cheques.

Collective Bellaciao, France: Science proves that vote fraud is real!
Science proves that vote fraud is real!
Vote fraud confirmed: US Count Votes has come out with a remarkable paper authored by a committee of twelve, most of them highly-qualified mathematicians and statisticians from major universities. This study highlights the serious ramifications of the exit poll discrepancy while demolishing the "chatty Dem" theory (more properly known as the "reluctant responder" theory), which remains the official explanation for that incongruity.
The only possibility left is vote alteration.
Alas, this important scientific study has yet to make an impact. The media, distracted by the Pope’s death, hasn’t noticed that Uncle Sam is also facing the Reaper. The only significant coverage of this report has appeared in the Akron Beacon Journal.
For those of you who are paying attention, the full analysis is here. An "executive summary" is here.
The exit poll discrepancy in the 2004 American presidential election was the largest in the poll’s history -- about five-and-a-half percent. The odds against the polls being so wrong are roughly one in a million. The "chatty Dem" theory is nonsense: Responses to the pollsters were higher in Republican strongholds -- where the exit poll discrepancies were widest.
I suppose the only (weak) counter-argument he might offer would be along these lines: For some reason, Kerry supporters in Bush strongholds -- but not in Democratic precincts -- were remarkably eager to push all others aside and commandeer the pollsters. Not only is this scenario counterintuitive, it goes against all previous experience. It also goes against Mitofski’s own data.
Once again, I would remind readers of another oddity besetting these troubling exit polls: On November 2, 2004, pollsters did not restrict inquiries to the votes cast on that date. They also asked voters about the 2000 election. 43% of the respondents said they had chosen Bush on that previous occasion, while 37% reported having cast a ballot for Al Gore.
But Gore WON the popular vote. This simple fact -- which even math illiterates should be able to comprehend easily -- proves that the exit pollsters favored Republicans, not Democrats.
Author Josh Mitteldorff, in the executive summary of the US Count Votes report, does not favor the theory that touch screen voting had greater error rates than did punch cards. However, on page 18 of the report proper, we see data suggesting that mechanical voting machines had a significantly higher error rate than did paper ballots.
How to resolve this seeming contradiction? I remind readers that punch cards are run through a computerized central tabulator -- the "mother machine," as Teresa Heinz-Kerry once put it. Absentee ballots and provisionals must be counted by hand.
So far, the best analysis of this analysis comes from Newsclip Autopsy. Highly recommend reading.
difference in the accuracy of results for the Senate versus the presidential races in the same exit poll."
No logic, indeed. Unless this is a nation where "multiple personality disorder" is present in epidemic proportions!!! To allay that particular fear, this report confirmed another startling finding which was observed in a previous report by the same group. Exit polling accuracy was dependent on whether the election ballots were hand-counted or not!! This is a highly significant finding, considering that, in Ohio, only a non-random 3% of the ballots were hand recounted. Many of these instances had recounts which were different from the machine counts.
And how did Ken Blackwell, the corrupt Ohio Secretary of State, respond to all this?
"What are you going to do except laugh at it?" said Carlo LoParo, spokesman for Ohio Secretary of State J. Kenneth Blackwell, who’s responsible for administering Ohio’s elections and is a Republican candidate for governor. "We’re not particularly interested in (the report’s findings)."
Once more, the Republicans assail Reason itself.
Please do everything you can to publicize the work of US Count Votes. This important scientific analysis should be leading all other headlines on Buzzflash, Bush Watch, Air America, Daily Kos...not to mention the New York Times, CBS, ABC and the rest of the mainstream media. Alas, even the wonderful blog by John Conyers has not yet covered this report.
1. We all pretty much knew this.
Remember on election Day, everyone was relaxed because we KNEW Kerry would win, then around 4:00 things changed.
They certainly stole the election.
5. It's at the very bottom of the post.
7. I love Bellaciao, too!
"Once again, I would remind readers of another oddity besetting these troubling exit polls: On November 2, 2004, pollsters did not restrict inquiries to the votes cast on that date. They also asked voters about the 2000 election. 43% of the respondents said they had chosen Bush on that previous occasion, while 37% reported having cast a ballot for Al Gore".
The hell with the RBR!
THE 43% for Bush is IMPOSSIBLE!
THE 43% NUMBER WAS FABRICATED TO AGREE WITH THE VOTE COUNT!
43% of the 122.26 million who voted in 2004 is 52.57 million.
BUT BUSH GOT ONLY 50.456 MILLION VOTES IN 2000!
THAT'S A DIFFERENCE OF 2.11 MILLION.
THEREFORE, THE BUSH VOTE WAS INFLATED IN THE FINAL EXIT POLL BY 2.11 MILLION VOTES.
BUT WE KNOW THAT APPROXIMATELY 3.5% OF BUSH 2000 VOTERS DIED (1.77 MILLION) BEFORE ELECTION 2004.
THEREFORE, THE BUSH VOTE WAS INFLATED BY 1.77 + 2.11= 3.88 MILLION VOTES.
BUT THAT ASSUMES 100% of BUSH 2000 VOTERS CAME TO THE POLLS IN 2004.
WE KNOW THAT AT LEAST SOME STAYED HOME AND DID NOT VOTE.
ADD THE .50 MILLION TO THE 3.88 MILLION AND THE BUSH VOTE WAS INFLATED BY 4.38 MILLION VOTES.
ASSUME THEY ALL WENT TO KERRY.
THAT LEAVES 1.20 MILLION FOR NADER ET AL.
HOW MANY BUSH 2000 VOTERS DECIDED TO VOTE FOR KERRY THIS TIME?

The materials in this website are provided "as is" and may contain errors, faults or inaccuracies and you agree that your access to and use of the site is at your own risk.
DIESEL CENTER AUSTRALIA PTY LTD or its affiliates does not make any warranties of any kind either express or implied as to the operation of this website or the information, content, materials or products on the website, except as otherwise provided under applicable laws.
Under no circumstances will DIESEL CENTER AUSTRALIA PTY LTD or its affiliates be liable for any direct or indirect losses or damages arising out of or in connection with the use of this website or your reliance on any information provided on this website. To the extent that such limitation of liability is not allowed under applicable law, you acknowledge that DIESEL CENTER AUSTRALIA PTY LTD liability is limited to the amount you paid to access this website.
For up to date product information and prices please contact DIESEL CENTER AUSTRALIA PTY LTD directly.
DIESEL CENTER AUSTRALIA PTY LTD cannot guarantee that any file or program available on this website is free from viruses or other conditions which may damage your hardware or software. You agree to release DIESEL CENTER AUSTRALIA PTY LTD from all liability if your hardware or software is damaged in anyway.
This website may contain links to other websites that are not operated by DIESEL CENTER AUSTRALIA PTY LTD or its affiliates. Any links are provided for your convenience only and do not imply an endorsement of the material contained in those third party websites. Any access to any third party websites is at your own risk.
DIESEL CENTER AUSTRALIA PTY LTD Australia Pty Ltd is concerned about protecting your privacy. We are committed to supporting the National Privacy Principles set out in the Privacy Amendment (Private Sector) Act 2000 which set clear standards for the collection, access, storage and use of personal information which we obtain as part of our business operations.
We may ask for personal details such as your name, address, telephone number or email address. The information is collected for the purpose of processing your inquiries (orders, offers, price queries, product queries).
Information not containing personal data (e.g. operating system, internet browser, number of visits) is collected by us solely for the purpose of monitoring the attractiveness of our website. This data involves information which allows no conclusions to be made about the identity of the user.
Text files in the form of cookies which allow recognition of returning visitors are not used by us. In the processing of online orders the IP address is stored in the database. This storage only takes place in order to carry out the desired online order and allows no conclusions to be made regarding the identity of the user.
Your personal details will only be used and disclosed for the purpose for which you have provided it and it will not be added to a mailing list or used or disclosed for any other purpose without your consent. The information is forwarded solely to the relevant departments at DIESEL CENTER AUSTRALIA PTY LTD for the processing of your inquiries.
We take all reasonable steps to protect your personal information from misuse, loss, unauthorized access, modification or disclosure and information is stored securely whether in an electronic or physical form. Any data destroyed is disposed of in a manner which protects the privacy of information in an appropriate manner.
You have the right to request access at any time to personal information we hold about you. You may ask us at any time to correct personal information about you, which you believe, is incorrect or out of date. Any corrections should be advised in writing.
We takes steps to ensure information is accurate and up-to-date by updating our records whenever changes to the data come to our attention and we disregard information which seems likely to be inaccurate or out of date by reason of the time which has elapsed since it was collected or by reason of any other information in our possession.
DIESEL CENTER AUSTRALIA PTY LTD does not collect sensitive information (personal information about an individual’s racial or ethnic origin, political opinions or membership of a political association, religious beliefs or affiliations, membership of a professional or trade association, beliefs, membership of a trade union, sexual preference or practices, criminal record or health information) without your consent.

On Wednesday October 31, ASB will host a “Halloween Bash” that consists of a movie screening in the Multi-Purpose Room (MPR), games that will be set up in the 100 and 400 Corridors, and a costume contest that will be held in Senior Square. All events will be open to all students and will take place during lunch.
Administration reminds students that October 31 is not a free-dress day; consequently, students may not wear “regular clothes” as a costume. Costumes must be in good taste and no objectionable type of attire may be worn under any circumstances.
Per VDHS administration, certain prohibitions are to be observed: No costume may include weapons, depict violence, alcohol, tobacco, or controlled substance use, feature obscenity, exploitative or suggestive lettering, pictures or any material that would be in conflict with the Christian values of Verbum Dei High School. Costumes will be judged to determine the best in various categories. $10 gift cards will be awarded to the winners.
“We made sure to keep everything organized and available to all students,” said Maribel Andrade, ASB Moderator. The Halloween Bash is set to have all students enjoy and celebrate the holiday. ASB worked to make the event fun for all students, which is why the various options for activities are available.
This entry was posted in Arts and Entertainment, News. Bookmark the permalink.

About 29 percent of Altamont Grade School students passed annual English language arts assessments in 2018 and 71 percent of students failed, according to a East Central Reporter analysis of the latest Illinois schools report card.
According to Altamont Grade School English language scores, about 27 percent met expectations and 3 percent exceeded them. Students whose results are in either category are considered to be most ready to move on to the next level and are most prepared for college or work.
Another 29 percent approached expectations, while 24 percent partially met expectations and 17 percent did not meet them. Students who scored in these categories are not ready for the next level of schooling, according to the test.
Test results at Altamont Grade School, which enrolled 412 students in 2018, fell below state averages.
Want to get notified whenever we write about Altamont Grade School ?
Next time we write about Altamont Grade School, we'll email you a link to the story. You may edit your settings or unsubscribe at any time.

You can consider getting a Hawaiian shaved ice treat for yourself or for your family to calm their bodies down. To get the shaved ice to the table, you need to have the supplies that are required to create the Hawaiian shaved ice. The supplies may be meant for your home use or even for business purposes if you intend to sell the shaved ice to people. It is necessary to consider different things about where you buy your Hawaiian shaved ice supplies as well as the supplies in themselves so that you get the best services. Among the essential things to be considered in the purchase of Hawaiian shaved ice supplies are provided below.
The first step is to establish the reasons for which you need to obtain the supplies. If for example, you will be using the supplies to make Hawaiian shaved ice for your family members, a standard size of a shaved ice maker can be suitable for your needs. However, if you're purchasing the supplies for business, you may need a machine that will support the comprehensive making of shaved ice. The other supplies including cups, ice syrup, and straws also need to be much depending on the size of use that you expect to put them into in the process of the consumption of the shaved ice.
The range of supplies that you can get from a particular hawaiian shaved ice machine supplier is a necessary item to be considered. All the supplies that you need for your Hawaiian shaved ice need to be found at a single source. When you can find what you need from a single source, it is likely that you achieve high levels of convenience because you do not need to move from one place to another looking for what you need. You also get to save on costs when you buy from a single source because you can get discounts when you buy in bulk.
It is necessary to establish the quality of the block ice shaver supplies that you're going to get from a specific supplier. You need to get high-quality products that will provide you with the required services over a long time so that you do not have to buy others for replacement. The prices at which you get the needed supplies also need to be reasonable based on the quality of the products. The costs need to be equivalent to the quality so that you get value for money spent on them. It is likely for you to benefit significantly from buying the needed supplies from stores which offer discounts and coupons when you purchase from them.
See this video at https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rq14Y2-c-v4 for more insights about food supply.

Life's little details...: So excited!!!
They're up...my classes at Donna's went on sale. I know it's next year, but if you would like to get signed up...they are ready to go! Click on over here and take a peek (there are pictures posted on her site). I am over the top excited about teaching at Donna Downey Studios! I have some very inky classes lined up! Can't wait to get inky in North Carolina!

Stay Dead was a horror based improv show put on by the Philly Improv Theater(PHIT). Mike Marbach, the show's creator and director, wanted something that hearkened back to the VHS box covers of the 1980's horror genre. Given the comedic nature of improv and it's randomness, I decided to take the title quite literally and center it around a faceless figure that just... won't... die.

This page displays sold house prices for Heathorn Street in Maidstone.
Heathorn Street in Maidstone ME14 consists predominantly of terraced houses. Properties on Heathorn Street typically have values around £200,000 - £250,000, ranging upwards of £250,000 for larger semi-detached houses.

AIDAN WINS IRONMAN DUN LAOGHAIRE 70.3, QUADRATHON SUCCESS FOR PADDY, NATASHA 2ND IN SALMON RUN AND 24/7 PB’S GALORE AT DONEGAL HALF MARATHONS!
Three 24/7 members made their way to Dun Laoghaire for the Ironman 70.3 on Sunday. In testing weather conditions competitors undertook a 1.9km swim from Sandycove, home to the famous Martello Tower, in the waters of Dublin Bay, before taking on a spectacular yet challenging 90km bike course. The course travelled through some of the most scenic areas in the region, including County Wicklow, home to the Wicklow Mountains National Park. Athletes then took on the half marathon run through the streets of the charming seaside town, before finishing with Dún Laoghaire Harbour and Dublin Bay as the backdrop.
What a performance from our very own Aidan Callaghan! Aidan was first age grouper with a superb finish time of 4:33. Indeed Aidan even managed to beat the finish times of some of the pros on the day, finishing a fantastic 7th overall. Aidan got off to the perfect start with a 28:54 swim, 7th out of the water. He put in a big performance on the bike also with just under a 35km average per hour over the testing 90km bike course. He finished with an excellent 1:22 half marathon to be crowned first age grouper- almost 7minutes ahead of his nearest competitor. Aidan now qualifies for the World Championships which will be held in Nice in September 2019 but before that he takes on Ironman Barcelona in October.
Colin Dean also put in a very strong performance. Colin finished with a super time of 5:55:54, a very impressive 1:37 half marathon off the bike from Colin. Siobhan Gallagher was back in racing action yet again, this time the 70.3 distance. Siobhan had a brilliant performance with an overall finish time of 5:56:05, 4th in the F25-29 age category. Siobhan was 2nd female to exit the swim with a brilliant time of 30:12 and she finished strongly with a 1:55:12 run to claim 4th F25-29.
Natasha Kelly travelled to Ballina for the Salmon Run Triathlon hosted by the Liquid Motion Tri Club. Natasha had a superb performance finishing 2nd female overall in a brilliant time of 1:10:48. A super swim of 9:32 and a very strong 19:47 5k to finish for Natasha. Possibly 24/7’s most travelled member, Paul Kelly was yet again back in action over the weekend in Ballina. Paul is putting in some great performances all season. Paul finished in a brilliant 1:25:15.
Paddy McNulty for the second year in a row took on the Extreme North Quadrathon Quest Half Marathon Challenge. Based in Inishowen and the surrounding villages the 4 day challenge involved 4 very hilly half marathon races, the mammoth Mamore Gap being part of the course in one of those days! Paddy had brilliant performances on all days. Day 1 he finished with in 1:47:42, day 2 in 2:05:48, day 3 in 2:00:37 but saved his best performance for the last day with a 1:42:32 finish time. What an achievement, well done Paddy.
24/7 was well represented at Letterkenny AC’s Donegal Half marathon with 17 members competing and all with brilliant performances. Gavin Crawford was first 24/7 member to finish and 3rd overall in a superb 1:17:34- a brilliant performance from Gavin ahead of his main aim of Dublin Marathon in October. Paul Dillon was also in super form, putting in a huge performance and finishing with a PB of 1:27:52. Jason King raced well also, with a brilliant 2nd in his Age Category crossing the finish line in 1:28:50. Another two in scintillating form ahead of their marathon debuts are Liam Tinney and Pat Brady. As always, not much separated these two on race day- Tinney finished with a PB time of 1:29:13 just 4 seconds ahead of Pat Brady who picked up the prize for 1st in his age category with a brilliant PB of 1:29:17. John Daly had another fine performance finishing in 1:35:45. Conor McLaughlin looked very strong finishing in 1:36:48. Mark Rogers also raced well, finishing in a super time of 1:38:12. Fionnuala Larkin was the first 24/7 lady to finish. Yet again Fionnuala had another fine performance with a 1:41:40 PB. Aidan McFadden is running very well these days, Aidan had a PB only a few weeks back in the Danny McDaid 15k and he had a very good run on Sunday also to finish with a 1:43:10 PB. Johnny Duffy was just three seconds behind Aidan with a brilliant 1:43:13. Desiree Casburn was hot on the heels of the two boys, with a super PB run of 1:43:14. Anne Robinson looked comfortable throughout on Sunday finishing strongly with a 1:46:11 PB. Martina McDaid ran very well crossing the line in 1:50:04, a PB for Martina also. These three ladies are all Dublin Marathon bound also and going by Sunday’s performances; they are really taking to the longer miles-great times await them in October no doubt! Mickey Russell also ran well finishing in a brilliant 1:52:57. Keith Gordon was back in racing action with a brilliant 1:56:21 finish. Paddy Doherty also had a super run with a PB time of 1:58:14. Well done everyone- brilliant results for 24/7.
Ryan Browne was in action at the Manor 5k last Tuesday. Ryan finished in a time of 25:34 with his Dad Philip keeping him company to finish in25:35.

Aberdeen Grammar defied their firmest critics with a fighting comeback to draw their National League 1 game with leaders Jed – Forest, inspiring head coach Ali O’Connor to claim, it had felt more like a famous win on Border soil.
“Trailing 24 – 3 well into the second half, we dug deep to pull off a remarkable result. Even at two points in arrears, full back Bryn Perrott’s conversion looked in doubt, but some how his kick from the touchline crept over to give us an outstanding outcome. Our defending was just tremendous, considering it has not been one of our main weaknesses in the first half of the season. We scarcely missed a tackle once we got on the front foot. Anyone who writes us off after this performance, does not know the strength of character in the team,” said a delighted O’Connor.
But while Perrott was the kicker of the day, it was replacement winger Jack Burnett who was try scoring hero of the Riverside Park win, taking the final pass of Craig Shepherd after a magnificent 20 phase build up in the last minute of pulsating game, which Jed knocked off the top slot of the division.
In a tightly fought game, the Border side led by a lone Scott Munro penalty at half time after which the home side pushed on for what looked to be a certain victory, given a three burst, taking them into an apparently unassailable 24 – 3 lead.
Grammar had other ideas, hitting back with two splendid tries from flanker Chris Jollands who underlined his value to the Rubislaw side, storming through with excellent support play from his pack to take the game down to the wire.
Perrott played his part, converting both touchdowns, and at 24 – 17 it was game on going into the closing stages, and its dramatic conclusion.
On this form, it is hard to know what to make of the in and out form of Aberdeen Grammar who will now take a break from the hurly burly of the league, turning their attention instead to the League Cup on Saturday when they meet Stewart’s Melville of National League 2 who will no doubt have looked at the Jed – Forest result and asked where did that come from. A trip to Rubislaw will now be the last thing the Edinburgh side will now want.

Most modern kitchens are equipped with some sort of kitchen extractor fan. These units are not only highly functional but can be an attractive part of the kitchen's decorating scheme. Exhaust fans don't often need to be installed or replaced, but knowing a little about kitchen extractor fans can help selection and installation go more smoothly when the time comes.
A kitchen extractor fan, sometimes referred to as an exhaust fan, is a large fan that mounts directly above the kitchen stove. The fan is encased in a metal box- or bell-shaped canopy called a range hood and is usually attached to an exhaust vent, which also concealed by the range hood. The range hood primarily serves to enhance the function of the fan and to conceal unsightly fans and vents; however, an attractive hood can also add colour and character to a kitchen.
A kitchen extractor fan has an important job to do: It must draw up all the smoke and vapours created during cooking and route them elsewhere. That's no small task, as kitchen vapours consist of not just water vapours from boiling, but also vaporised oil and grease from fried and sautéed foods. Some kitchen vans introduce fresh air into the kitchen while simultaneously removing smoke and vapours. Kitchen extractor fans are designed to reduce the amount humidity and oil in the air to prevent them from dirtying and damaging kitchen surfaces.
The most common types of kitchen extractor fans are updraft fans, downdraft fans and nonvented exhaust fans. Updraft fans are the most popular among these types, and because they take advantage of the upward motion of kitchen vapours, they're extremely effective. Updraft fans are easier to install than downdraft fans, because the ducting is installed in walls and ceilings, rather than through flooring. Downdraft fans force vapours down to venting that's usually located below the vent, often at the base of a cabinet or on the floor. Nonvented fans circulate kitchen vapours; however, the absence of ductwork means vapours cannot be removed.
Consider budget, usage and kitchen layout when choosing a kitchen extractor fan. For most home kitchens, a variable-speed extractor works well and will operate fairly quietly. A large-capacity fan is a more appropriate choice for a kitchen that gets heavy use or for installation over a kitchen island. When kitchen layout or lack of space prevent overhead ducting, a downdraft fan may be the only viable option; however, a home improvement expert can offer advice on which fans to buy.
Measure your cooking surface and make sure the hood you've chosen is at least as wide as the cooking surface. Read and follow the manufacturer's instructions before beginning installation. Install smooth-walled, metal ductwork in as straight a line as possible from the fan to the outside wall where fumes and vapours will be vented. The fewer bends there are in the ducting, the better the extractor system will function.

Sinergi provides safe and reliable energy solutions for Commercial and Industry Customers through information access and natural gas usage transparency.
We present a variety of choices for users in this sector as the engine to move their businesses, such as power plant, fuel for heating and drying process, steam kettle, dryer furnace, ovens, and many other appliances.
Natural gas is generally used in the Glass Industry sector as fuel for furnaces to heat materials and create high quality glass products.
Natural gas is used in this sector as fuel to process rubber products, such as boilers, burners, and oven dryers.
The Ceramic Industry uses natural gas as fuel to heat the raw material mixture during production process to create quality ceramic products.
The Pulp and Paper industry processes fiber raw material into pulp, paper, board, and other cellulose-based products. This industry needs large quantities of natural gas to operate well as heating fuel for production process and pulp and paper drying.
The Chemical Industry is one of the largest natural gas users. This industry, which includes petrochemical, agrochemical, pharmaceutical, polymer, paint, and oleochemical segments, uses natural gas as fuel for production process.
Natural gas energy is needed as heating fuel during the processing of metal ores to basic metals through smeltering and reduction/furnace. Natural gas is also needed for industries that process basic metals to billets, smals, rods, or mixed ingots for the foundry industry.
Natural gas is used as fuel in equipments such as boilers, thermal oils, and flyers. With clean combustion results, environmentally friendly natural gas also supports the sanitation and safety of food and beverage production.
The metal processing process in the industry sector that further processes intermediary industry's products to semi-finished products through factory and final work to become finished product requires natural gas as fuel during production phase.
The need for energy throughout the Textile Industry's vertical phases -upstream, middle, and downstream -can be met by utilizing natural gas as fuel or for power plant.
Aside from meeting production process needs, natural gas can also be used to meet commercial and industrial needs as fuel for power plants, in which the electricity produced also takes an important role for production process needs.
"The routine availability of gas that is distributed through transmission pipeline routinely and sustainably is a reason why we use PGN's natural gas. PGN's natural gas has been our choice since 1998, and we use it as fuel for our boilers, furnaces, zinc furnaces, patenting, and other processes."
"We have used PGN's natural gas since 2007, as natural gas has many advantages as compared to when we were using LPG. By using PGN's natural gas for cooking and laundry, we have become more cost-efficient, and manage our operating expenses easier and more minimal."
Fill in the form online on PGN's website.
Once the Prospective Customer has met all the administration requierments, PGN will issue Proof of Gas Subcribe, and Gas infrastructure construction can be conducted.
PGN will conduct initial distribution of Gas (Gas In) to Customer at the handover spot in accordance with applicable provisions in PGN, and is issued in a Record of Gas.
What is the definition of Commercial and Industrial Customers?
Commercial and Industrial Subscribers are a subscriber group that uses gas as fuel and or raw material in their business activities. This group is divided into 3 (three) groups, namely KI-1, KI-2, and KI-3.
What is the difference between Subscriber Groups KI-1, KI-2, and KI-3?
Commercial and Industrial (KI-1) is a Commercial and Subscriber group that uses gas with mininum gas usage per month above the maximum gas usage per ponth of Small Business 2 (PK-2) untiil 500,000 m3/month.
Commercial and Indusrial (KI-2) is Commercial and Industrial Subscriber group that uses gas with minimum gas usage per month of 500,001 m3/month to 3,500,000 m3/month.
Commercial and Industrial (KI-3) is a Commercial and Industrial Subscriber group that uses gas with minimum gas usage per month of 3,500,001 m3/month.
Subscriber is imposed with calculation of gas usage payment per month by the amount of gas used multiplied by the applicable gas price. If the usage is below the minimum contract then the calculation of payment of minimum volume multiplied by existing gas price. If the use above the maximum contract will be subject to gas price in accordance with the applicable provisions of excess gas usage.
When and how can a subscriber obtain information on gas usage billing information?
When and where can subscribers pay their gas usage bills?
Subscribers can start making billing payments starting on the 6th (sixth) date of a month, and by the 20th (twentieth) date the payment is received by PGN. Gas bill payment can be conducted through teller facility at Bank Mandiri, ATM Bank Mandiri, BNI, BRI, BTN, BCA, PPOB (Payment Point Onlne Bank), and Indomaret.
Do subscribers need to report to PGN when subscribers want to make changes or additions to installed instalation pipeline?
Considering that safety in using natural gas is the main issue, any plans to change and or make additions to the installed installation pipeline at the premises of the subscriber must be reported to PGN to ensure that all work of both material and construction have been carried out in accordance with the provisions of existing safety and security standards.

The aim of this training is to inform businesses about the impending changes to GDPR and to support businesses in their understanding of policies and procedures around data security.
The course provides you with information regarding good practice on how businesses should ensure that all personal and sensitive data is kept securely.
The course should take approximately 15-20 minutes to complete.

The Murrieta Valley High School Color Guard is a year round program. During the months of June – January the Color Guard performs with the marching band. January – April the color guard competes in the Winter Guard Association of Southern California. The color guard is a period during the school day where students receieve PE credit for their participation. The color guard is under the leadership of instructors Kandice Wiggs and Khristinna Jovel.

More than 1500 cases of "Leishmania" have been reported in government areas in Hama.
Pro-Assad forces target the civilians in Kafranbel City right now.
Syria: this morning government's heavy artillery focused on N.-NW. Hama villages, also targeting area of Jebal Shashabo (hosting TSK obs post), usually rarely hit. Photos show shelling on Shurlin and Hawarte (known archaeological site).
Since morning Russian jets are flying over Ma'rrat Tamsrin, Foah, Sarmin, and Idlib.
Death toll of the shelling of the village of Shariah, west of Hama, rises to three civilians, including a woman.
A woman was killed when she was hit by artillery shelling on the village of Shariah in the plain of al-Ghabab, west of Hama, from the pro-Assad forces stationed at the Karim checkpoint.
Ain Issa: 120 fighters, joined the Military Discipline Units "Martyr Dallsoz Afrin" in Ain Issa, after two months, of political, intellectual and cultural lessons, as well as military training.

NFINITY8’s cyber defense services offer you complete visibility into all network traffic and activity that keeps your network security ahead of today’s purpose-built attacks which bypass traditional controls, exploit network vulnerabilities, and either ransom or steal sensitive data, communications, and intellectual property.
The most important part of cyber defense is to craft a network that can protect all of its components in times of an attack. The security of a network has to be designed in a way so that the ease of its use and the performance remain unaffected. NFINTY8 follows a sequential process to help you develop and implement a secure network while maintaining the effectiveness and efficiency of your networks.
Cyber-attacks can also result in loss of the data – data which is hard earned and critical for an organization to maintain its competitiveness. Attackers can either encrypt your data or wipe it of completely, leaving you in complete lurch. Our data recovery experts offer you the holistic insights about the recovery, the time required and the process to recover it. With the assurance of credibility and confidentiality, you can be sure that your data will be handled in a safe, secure and confidential manner.
Malwares are usually trafficked over the network by the attacker with the intention of disrupting, stealing or causing unruly behavior in the network. Malwares come in different types such as worms, viruses, botnets etc. and all of them have one intention and that is to cause loss to your organization. NFINITY8 helps you in securing your IT infrastructure from all sort of malware attacks by using its professional and custom tools.
It relates to the collection, processing, analyzing and investigation of cyber-attacks in order to derive useful information related to cyber-attacks with the objective of mitigating the vulnerabilities of IT networks in future. Our forensics and investigative team will investigate the attack to the core and give you the insights that will help you in future to mitigate such attacks.
NFINITY8 provides its superior services for retrieval of credentials - those credentials which are of paramount importance to change or access the control panel or the domain account. Failure to keep the website or Accounts credentials safely can cost heavily to your business. It can render your website updatable and you can lose important customers. In such scenarios, NFINITY8 can help you in working out the legal formalities to retrieve the accounts or the website or we can use out custom build tools and techniques to retrieve your website or account.
DDOS (distributed denial of service) is a type of a cyber-attack where by the attacker tries to attempt to exhaust all the resources available to a network or application so that the genuine users cannot gain access to the network or the application. NFINITY8 is capable to protect you from DDOS attacks in all of its forms be it volumetric, TCP State-Exhaustion or Application Layer attack.
When a cyber-attack happens, companies need assistance to analyze its impact to the critical infrastructure. Cyber Incident Response is an approach to manage the aftermath of a cyber-attack. The objective is to minimize the damage and get the critical systems back on track as the earliest. NFINITY8 has an extensive experience in managing and resolving cyber security threats. NFINITY8 uses a specialized approach to minimize the losses caused by the security breach while focusing on the quick recovery.
In present times, where surveillance levels are at peak, secure communication is a necessity. Communications espionage is a growing phenomenon, while spy software is becoming ever cheaper. It is important that public and private organizations take measures at all levels to prevent leaks of sensitive information, before it is too late and serious problems arise. NFINITY8 offers secure communication systems that is weaved by an end to end encryption system. We make your communication systems robust and difficult to access to hackers.
If confidential communications get into the wrong hands, damage to the business of the enterprise or, at the very least, damage to its reputation may arise. There is also a significant cost and negative publicity resulting from any kind of cyber-attacks. We protect you from all sort of threats be it ransomware, malware, phishing or any other threat.

Gum disease is a serious condition that can lead to tooth loss if not treated. Gum disease is caused by a build-up of plaque and tarter. By having a professional teeth cleaning twice a year, you can reduce your risk of developing this condition.
Gingivitis is the first stage of periodontal disease. Warning signs of gingivitis include gum inflammation. In the early stages of gingivitis, plaque builds up on the surface of the tooth. This is what causes the gums to become inflamed, and your gums may bleed when you brush your teeth. When gingivitis is left untreated, it become periodontal disease. When a patient develops periodontal disease, the inner layer of the gum and jawbone will start to separate from the teeth and form pockets. These pockets, or spaces between the gum and teeth, collect debris and can easily become infected.
If you are experiencing any of these symptoms, or are due for a professional cleaning, please contact Chusid Dental Group today at 973-736-1777 and schedule an appointment.

Start Hotspot Cloud WiFi Software is a robust and cost effective solution suitable for any hospitality deployment.
This is centralized solution and all routers are connected to a central cloud server for authentication, accounting and management.
Start Hotspot Cloud WiFi runs on Azure high-availability servers ensuring max uptime and database backup.
Start Hotspot can be managed from any device, anywhere.
Our intuitive interface helps you configure users, wifi locations, splash pages, plans, access analytics or create new ads.
You may create sub-admins for desired locations with partial access privileges to the management portal.
User access tickets can be created and printed in bulk amounts with configurable Internet speeds.
APs can be easily replaced with a spare one in case of any hardware error by changing associated MAC address.

Short Description : To develop in students the knowledge, skills, and attitude essential for avoiding dangerous confrontations and for the safe, effective, responsible, and ethical use of a concealed pistol for self-defense outside the home.
More Details: The course is fourteen hours long and is conducted by an NRA Training Counselor in a classroom and at a shooting facility.
Bring your handgun, personal defense holster, cover garment and 500 rounds of ammunition.

Drayich (captain) of Mousesports has quit DotA.
This shows that more and more people have grown tired with the Aeon of Strife genre and have switched to other competitive Warcraft maps like Fufu Ninja.
He quit primarily because he already has a new child coming along and a new job.
Good bye long DotA games. Hello quickie Fufu Ninja games!

Frédérick Carnet is an interesting photographer in that he works in series—Andrew Molitor, who drew my attention to him, wrote that he "sequences...with real genius."
This requires more on the part of the viewer. To look at them, I suggest picking a series and scrolling through it slowly, letting each picture stop in front of your eyes for a brief "soak," then moving deliberately to the next, paying special attention to the effect of the whole series while trying to suppress your immediate snap judgement of each photograph. They're not standalone pieces—the effect needs to be cumulative. This requires a different kind of "reading" of the photographs, as reading poetry differs from reading prose, or reading a novel differs from reading a textbook. Don't give up too easily; try it on a few different series to see if you begin to get the knack.
Frédérick, who kindly consented to letting me republish the photograph above as a single image, said, "I do work in series and this picture is part of one serie which itself is part of a full body of work called Chronicles of an Absolute shot between 2009 and 2015."
I think you will appreciate exploring his website, as I did.
Animesh Ray: "A stunning shot. Given the apparent simplicity of the composition, and the somewhat pedestrian nature of each of the two parts of the image separately, the juxtaposition is startlingly creative. A fine example of an emergent property of merely two objects placed within a compositional frame. Bravo!"
I must confess Mike my artistic appreciation levels have not yet reached the level of sophistication required to understand this body of work, however I look forward to reading others comments as it is never too late to learn and improve one's tastes in these matters.
I don't like poetry and I didn't care for this. Some of use are more intellectual while others are more visceral. Nothing here grabbed me by the throat.
This looks more like something I'd enjoy Henri Cartier-Bresson: Mexican Notebooks 1934-1964 https://www.amazon.com/Henri-Cartier-Bresson-Mexican-Notebooks-1934-1964/dp/050054199X In 1934 HCB was still openly a surrealist.
I think these are great. I've always been interested in carefully-ordered sequences of things: good photobooks, good exhibitions of photographs and, of course, albums (of songs).
But (there has to be a but) I was really annoyed by the presentation. This may be browser-dependent, but for me (with what is, sadly, now a slightly non-mainstream browser -- Firefox) I had to adjust the browser window so I only saw one picture at a time (because I really don't want to see the edge of the next/previous picture and then laboriously scroll to see the next picture and adjust it to be right. That was just off-putting.

Do you use questions in your sales copy?
If so… are you sure you know what you’re doing?
Because frankly, when I first started out, I didn’t have a clue.
I had no idea why so many of the older copywriters would ‘hem’ and ‘haw’ when asked the ‘question’ question.
At the time, it seemed to me that questions would be a great way to engage the reader.
After all, when you first talk to someone and meet someone, asking them questions and getting them to talk about themselves is a great way to get them to open up to you.
However, things work a little differently when you’re writing questions in copy.
When you write up sales copy, especially to ‘cold’ readers who have no idea who you are and what you’re about, it’s important to get them agreeing with you right off the bat.
That way, when you make the big product reveal, you’re not just some greedy company. You’re someone who ‘gets’ them. So you must know what they like.
One of the ways to do this is to get the reader to nod their heads.
And then from there, you get them to acknowledge that having and endless mob of kittens may not be the best solution to their cravings, but you have the next best thing – a kitten magazine with countless kittens for them to ogle.
We’re triggering the actual heart-melting response by getting them to picture the experience paired with the question.
Now lets pretend we asked this sort of question.
Woah. Stop there. You know what you just did? You asked them to search their mental database.
So now, instead of nodding with you, they think to themselves. “Hmm… I dunno- IS there aything more precious than a kitten? Maybe my nephew? My lawn gnome?” And from that point on, you lost them.
Now you’ve put them in a ‘scritinizing’ mindset. Instead of flowing and reading your copy, now they’re sizing up every line and checking it with their database.
Another bad question example is any one that they can easily say no to.
Do you wish you could change your long distance plan? No.
Do you hate the way your lawn looks? No.
See? Some people might say “yes,” but you risk alienating an alarming amount of people by asking such open-ended questions.
Making statements is a little safer.
Until you get a feel for what questions are ‘safe’, stick to statements.
And best of all – you’re more likely to make the sale.
I’m thinking a more in-depth post talking about how to determine if a question is a good one or not is in order!
Do you use questions or not in your sales copy?
Related Posts of "Can one little question hurt sales so much?"

The abetment of the illegal omission of an act may amount to an offence although the abettor may not himself be bound to do that act.
To constitute the offence of abetment it is not necessary that the act abetted should be committed, or that the effect requisite to constitute the offence should be caused.
(a) A instigates B to murder C. B refuses to do so. A is guilty of abetting B to commit murder.
(b) A instigates B to murder D. B in pursuance of the instigation stabs D. D recovers from the wound. A is guilty of instigating B to commit murder.
It is not necessary that the person abetted should be capable by-law of committing an offence, or that he should have the same guilty intention or knowledge as that of the abettor, or any guilty intention or knowledge.
(a) A, with a guilty intention, abets a child or a lunatic to commit an act which would be an offence, if committed by a person capable by law of committing an offence, and having the same intention as A. Here A, whether the act be committed or not, is guilty of abetting an offence.
(b) A, with the intention of murdering Z, instigates B, a child under seven years of the age, to do an act which causes Z’s death. B, in consequence of the abetment, does that act in the absence of A and thereby causes Z’s death.
Here, though B was not capable by law of committing an offence, A is liable to be punished in the same manner as if B had been capable by law of committing an offence, and had committed murder, and he is, therefore, subject to the punishment of death.
(c) A, instigates B to set fire to a dwelling-house. B, in consequence of the unsoundness of his mind, being incapable of knowing the nature of the act, or that he is doing what is wrong or contrary to law, sets fire to the house in consequence of A’s instigation.
B has committed no offence, but A is guilty of abetting the offence of setting fire to a dwelling-house, and is liable to the punishment provided for that offence.
(d) A, intending to cause a theft to be committed, instigates B to take property belonging to Z out of Z’s possession. A induces B to believe that the property belongs to A.
B takes the property out of Z’s possession, in good faith, believing it to be A’s property.
B, acting under this misconception, does not take dishonestly, and therefore, does not commit theft. But A is guilty of abetting theft, and is liable to the same punishment as if B had committed theft.
The abetment of an offence being an offence, the abetment of such an abetment is also an offence.
A instigates B to instigate C to murder Z. B accordingly instigates C to murder Z, and C commits that offence in consequence of B’s instigation. B is liable to be punished for his offence with the punishment for murder; and, as A instigated B to commit the offence, A is also liable to the same punishment.
It is not necessary to the commission of the offence of abetment by conspiracy that the abettor should concert the offence with the person who commits it. It is sufficient if he engages in the conspiracy in pursuance of which the offence is committed.
A concerts with B a plan for poisoning Z. It is agreed that A shall administer the poison. B then explains the plan to C mentioning that a third person is to administer the poison, but without mentioning A’s name.
C agrees to procure the poison, and procures and delivers it to B for the purpose of its being used in the manner explained. A administers the poison; Z dies in consequence.
Here, though A and C have not conspired together yet C has been engaged in the conspiracy in pursuance of which Z has been murdered. C has, therefore, committed the offence defined in this Section and is liable to the punishment for murder.
A. Where the act abetted is not an offence, the question of offence does not arise. IPC provides punishment only for the abetment of an offence, and not for abetment for mere facts and which are not offences.
B. To constitute the offence of abetment, it is not necessary that the act abetted should be committed or completed or that the effect requisite to constitute the offence should be caused.
C. To constitute the offence of abetment it is not necessary that the person abetted should be capable, by law of committing an offence he may be a minor or a person of unsound mind, etc.
D. The person abetted need not have the same guilty intention or knowledge as that of the abettor.
The client had given information and instructions to his counsel to ask the witness certain amatory questions during the cross-examination. Relying on the information received from the client, the advocate asked the defamatory questions in the Court. The Court convicted the client not only as an abettor but also as principal offender also.
Giving a bribe to a public servant is an offence under Sec. 161. The person, who gives the bribe, is guilty of abetment. If a person, who gives bribe in response of demand accompanied by threats is not an abettor. A person who gives illegal gratification to a public servant even on demand is guilty of abetment under Sec. 109.
Sec. 108-A explains that a person abets an offence within the meaning of this Code who, in India, abets the commission of any act without and beyond India which would an offence if committed in India.
A person abets an offence within the meaning of this Code who, in India, abets the commission of any act without and beyond India which would constitute an offence if committed in India.
A, in India, instigates B, a foreigner in Goa, to commit a murder in Goa. A is guilty of abetting murder.
Sec. 109 explains the punishment of abetment.
An act or offence is said to be committed in consequence of abetment, when it is committed in consequence of the instigation, or in pursuance of the conspiracy, or with the aid which constitutes the abetment.
(a) A offers a bribe to B, a public servant, as a reward for showing A some favour in the exercise of B’s official function. B accepts the bribe. A has abetted the offence defined in Section 161.
(b) A instigates B to give false evidence. B, in consequence of the instigation, commits that offence. A is guilty of abetting that offence and is liable to the same punishment as B.
(c) A and B conspire to poison Z. A, in pursuance of the conspiracy, procures the poison and delivers it to B in order that he may administer it to Z. B, in pursuance of the conspiracy, administers the poison to Z in A’s absence and thereby causes Z’s death. Here B is guilty of murder. A is guilty of abetting that offence by conspiracy and is liable to the punishment for murder.
A instigates B and C to murder Z. All the three were prosecuted under Section 302 read with Section 109. The trial Court altered the charges and convicted B and C under Section 304 r//w S. 109, but convicted A under Section 302 r/w 109. Discuss.
In Goura Venkata Reddy vs. State of A.P. (2003) 12 SCC 469) case, the Supreme Court held that on facts, conviction of all accused-appellants under Section 302 IPC altered to Sec. 304 IPC. Hence the appellant/accused, which had instigated the other accused persons would be liable to be convicted under S. 304 r/w S. 109 and not under S. 302 r/w 109.
I. Sec. 110 prescribes punishment of abetment if person abetted does act with different intention from that of abettor.
J. Sec. 111 explains the liability of abettor when one act abetted and different act done.
Provided the act done was a probable consequence of the abetment, and was committed under the influence of the instigation, or with the aid or in pursuance of the conspiracy which constituted the abetment.
(a) A instigates a child to put poison into the food of Z, and gives him poison for that purpose. The child, in consequence of the instigation, by mistake puts the poison into the food of Y, which is by the side of that of Z.
Here, if the child was acting under the influence of A’s instigation, and the act done was under the circumstances a probable consequence of the abetment, A is liable in the same manner and to the same extent as the food of Y.
(b) A instigates B to burn Z’s house. B sets fire to the house and at the same time commits theft of property there. A, though guilty of abetting the burning of the house, is not guilty of abetting the theft; for the theft was a distinct act, and not a probable consequence of the burning.
(c) A instigates B and C to break into an inhabited house at midnight for the purpose of robbery, and provides them with arms for that purpose. B and C break into the house, and being resisted by Z, one of the inmates, murder Z.
Here, if that murder was the probable consequence of the abetment, A is liable to the punishment provided for murder.
K. Sec. 112 explains about an abettor when liable to cumulative punishment for act abetted and for act done.
A instigates B to resist by force a distress made by a public servant. B, in consequence resists that distress. In offering the resistance, B voluntarily causes grievous hurt to the officer executing the distress.
As B has committed both the offence of resisting the distress, and the offence of voluntarily causing grievous hurt, B is liable to punishment for both these offences; and, if A knew that B was likely voluntarily to cause grievous hurt in resisting the distress, A will also be liable to punishment for each of the offences.
L. Sec. 113 explains about the liability of abettor for an effect caused by the act abetted different from that intended by the abettor.
A instigates B to cause grievous hurt to Z. B, in consequence of the instigation, causes grievous hurt to Z. Z, dies in consequence. Here, if A knew that the grievous hurt abetted was likely to cause death; A is liable to be punished with the punishment provided for murder.
Whenever any person, who is absent, would be liable to be punished as an abettor, is present when the act or offence for which he would be punishable in consequence of the abetment is committed, he shall be deemed to have committed such act or offence.
N. Sec. 115 explains about the abetment of offence punishable with death or imprisonment for life if offence not committed.
If act causing harm be done in consequence and if any act for which the abettor is liable in consequence of the abetment, and which causes hurt to any person, is done, the abettor shall be liable to imprisonment of either description for a term which may extend to fourteen years, and shall also be liable to fine.
A instigates B to murder Z. The offence is not committed. If B had murdered Z, he would have been subject to the punishment of death or imprisonment for life. Therefore, A is liable to imprisonment for a term which may extend to seven years and also to a fine; and, if any hurt be done to Z, in consequence of the abetment, he will be liable to imprisonment for a term which may extend to fourteen years, and to fine.
O. Sec. 116 states abetment of offence punishable with imprisonment if offence be not committed.
and if the abettor or the person abetted is a public servant, whose duty it is to prevent the commission of such offence, the abettor shall be punished with imprisonment of any description provided for that offence, for a term which may extend to one-half of the longest term provided for that offence, or with such fine as is provided for the offence, or with both.
(a) A offers a bribe to B, a public servant, as a reward for showing A some favour in the exercise of B’s official function. B refuses to accept the bribe. A is punishable under this Section.
(b) A instigates B to give false evidence. Here, if B does not give false evidence, A has nevertheless committed the offence defined in this Section, and is punishable accordingly.
(c) A, a police officer, whose duty it is to prevent robbery, abets the commission of robbery. Here, though the robbery be not committed, A is liable to one-half of the longest term of imprisonment provided for that offence, and also to fine.
(d) B abets the commission of a robbery by A, a police officer, whose duty it is to prevent that offence. Here, though the robbery be not committed, B is liable to one-half of the longest term of imprisonment provided for the offence of robbery, and also to fine.
Z instigates N to give false evidence before The District Judge in a Murder case. N refuses to do so. Has Z committed any offence?
Yes, Z has committed the offence of “Abetment”, even though refuses to solve falseevidence. The problem given above is identical with illustration (b) appended to Section 116.
D offers Rs. 10,000/- to Q an Engineer in RW.D. Showing official favour for his works. Q refuses to accept the money and complains. Has D committed any offence? Comment.
Yes, D has committed the offence under Section 116. The problem is identical with illustration (a) appended to Sec. 116.
P. Sec. 117 explains about abetting commission of offence by the public or by more than ten persons.
Q. Sec. 118 states the concealing design to commit offence punishable with death or imprisonment for life if offence be committed or if offence be not committed.
Whoever intending to facilitate or knowing it to be likely that he will thereby facilitate the commission of an offence punishable with death or imprisonment for life, voluntarily conceals, by any act or illegal omission, the existence of a design to commit such offence or makes any representation which he knows to be false respecting such design.
If the offence be not committed, with imprisonment of either description, for a term which may extend to three years; and in either case shall also be liable to fine.
A, knowing that a dacoity is about to be committed at B, falsely informs the Magistrate that a dacoity is about to be committed at C, a place in an opposite direction, and thereby misleads the Magistrate with intent to facilitate the commission of the offence. The dacoity is committed at B in pursuance of the design. A is punishable under this Section.
R. Sec. 119 explains about the public servant concealing design to commit offence which it is his duty to prevent if offence be committed; if offence be punished with death etc., if offence be not committed.
Whoever, being a public servant, intending to facilitate or knowing it to be likely that he will thereby facilitate the commission of an offence which it is his duty as such public servant to prevent, voluntarily conceals, by any act or illegal omission, the existence of a design to commit such offence, or makes any representation which he knows to be false respecting such design.
Or, if the offence be not committed, shall be punished with imprisonment of any description provided for the offence for a term which may extend to one-fourth part of the longest term of such imprisonment, or with such fine as is provided for the offence, or with both.
A, an officer of police, being legally bound to give information of all designs to commit robbery which may come to his knowledge, and knowing that B designs to commit robbery, omits to give such information, with intent to facilitate the commission of that offence. Here A has by an illegal omission concealed the existence of B’s design, and is liable to punishment according to the provision of this Section.
S. Sec. 120 explains the concealing design to commit offence punishable with imprisonment if offence be committed; or if offence be not committed.
If offence be not committed if the offence be not committed, to one-eighth, of the longest term of such imprisonment, or with such fine as is provided for the offence, or with both.
A instigates B to burn Z’s house. B sets fire to the house and at the same time commits theft of property. Explain the liability of A.
This problem is identical with illustration (b) of Sec. 111. A is guilty of abetting the burning of the house. However, he is not guilty of abetting the theft; for the theft was a distinct act, and not a probable consequence of the burning.
A instigates B to commit robbery in the house of X. B enters into the house of X, and kills X when he is resisted by him. What is liability of A?
This Problem is identical to the illustration (c) of Sec. 111. Here, the murder was the probable consequence of the abetment; A is liable to the punishment provided for murder.
Difference between “Corporation” and “Firm” – Explained!

1. Start recycling – What’s that? You already recycle? Awesome! Now it’s time for you to step it up a notch. Start by looking for new things to recycle, more and more products are placing recycle symbols on their packaging, so check out everything to see if it is able to be recycled. Check with your garbage pick up or transfer station to get their most up to date list of what they will accept.
2. Cut down on gasoline use – I know, I know, you have a million errands to run, have to get to work, pick up groceries, get the kids to soccer practice, the list goes on and on. So how do we cut our gasoline use? Walk, bike, run, if you must drive, try combining errands into as few trips as possible and visit areas that have the shops you need to visit all in a close proximity.
3. Cut your water use – If you’re in a rural area and on a well, it probably won’t save you much money, but those on supplied water systems could save a bundle. Items like low flow shower heads, dual flush toilets (they make modification kits if you don’t already have a dual flush) and being more cognizant of your use will help cut back. For instance, if you’re shaving, try filling the sink with water rather than leaving the water running non-stop, this could save gallons of water at a clip and lessen the amount you need to heat up.
4. Change out your bulbs – Tisk tisk, you’re still running those incandescent light bulbs… Did you know a mere 20% of the energy produced off a bulb actually creates light? The rest is just wasted in heat. Switch to CFL’s and save a bundle, plus they’ll last longer. Now if you can’t bring yourself to dispose of a perfectly good bulb, that’s ok, use it until it dies, but keep a stock pile of CFL’s to start replacing those burnt out incandescent bulbs with.
5. Eat local - I challenge you to step out and find a farmers market or store that sells local goods. Not only is the quality of the food better and more nutritious, but you help support your local community. I’m not saying you have to shop there all the time, but look into it. On top of getting better food, it also makes for a great family outing.
6. Energy Star – If you’re looking to replace an old or outdated appliance, focus your shopping around energy star appliances. They are required to meet specific government standards in efficiency and are likely to save you money in the long run. Generally speaking, they are competitively priced against other non energy star products, so you only stand to gain out of this route.
7. Insulation and caulking – Do you know how well your home is insulated? When we bought our home, we found the walls were pretty well insulated, however, they forgot to insulate around door and window frames, a bit of spray in foam made a huge difference. Year round, that’s heating and cooling dollars heading right outside. Check where ever you can for insulation, and consider adding caulk or insulation around windows and doors to seal off air flow.
8. Cut the paper –Sign up with your bank to receive your statements online. The phone company, cable company, the list goes on and on, are all doing it now. They’re all trying to reduce their costs through mailing, so it serves a dual purpose. It’s really easy and takes less than 5 minutes to do, so what are you waiting for? There are also companies that can help eliminate junk mail for a small fee.
9. Unplug – You know that alarm clock in the spare bedroom that no one ever sleeps in? Well, it’s costing you money, and probably a lot more than you would think. Take a few minutes now and create a list of gadgets, lamps, chargers, etc that you could easily unplug and not notice. Remember, every one of them means a little bit of change in your pocket! Too lazy? Look into power strips with remote shut offs.
10. Wash clothes in cold water – Your clothes really don’t need to sit in a nice warm bath for twenty minutes. Ok, sure, you got grass stains on your pants from the impromptu football game, maybe just maybe you could use some warm water to help. But for the bulk of your washing needs, using cold water will do just as good a job and will save you a ton of money since you won’t have to heat all that extra water.
So that’s it, ten quick tips that you can use to get started on your greener lifestyle. Most of these are simple and will help save you money, so you really have little to lose.
I don’t usually comment but I gotta tell thankyou for the post on this amazing one : D.

Tony Marabella had options coming out of high school. For the native of Montreal, though, the options were really just one option: Signing with the Montreal Expos, he told The Sumter Item in 1991.
"I considered the money and the offers from the other organizations," Marabella told The Item, "but signing with Montreal just seemed like the natural thing to do."
He signed with his hometown team, but, in a career that spanned eight pro seasons - and one appearance on the TV show "Unsolved Mysteries" after a health scare - Marabella never played for his hometown team in Montreal. He also never made the majors.
Marabella turned pro in 1989, signing with the Expos as an undrafted free agent, at the age of 16. He signed at that young age, having completed his high school education, according to The Item.
With the Expos, Marabella played his first season in the rookie Gulf Coast League. That August, he hit a walk-off, extra-inning home run. He moved to rookie Gate City for 1990, then single-A Sumter for 1991.
At Sumter, Marabella got into 107 games, but he hit just .239. Then a back problem forced him into surgery. That back problem required an experimental procedure to dissolve a disc impacting a nerve. He ended up being out the entire year.
He came back for 1993, playing 69 games between short-season Jamestown and single-A Burlington. Marabella then continued with the Expos system through 1995, making AA Harrisburg for 30 games in 1995.
It was during that span, apparently in 1994 with Burlington, that Marabella suffered the health scare that got him onto a 1996 episode of Unsolved Mysteries.
Marabella suffered a headache and collapsed during batting practice. He awoke saying he had amnesia. He returned to the field three months later and his hitting improved.
"I would run hard, play--dive everywhere," Marabella told the show, according to an Ark.com transcript. "Just play like a little kid. When the game was over, I'd go home and wouldn't even think about it. Because for me, it was fun. And that's how my game got better."
By the end of 1995, though, Marabella's run with the Expos was over. His 30-game run at AA Harrisburg resulted in a .225 average.
Marabella then moved to independent ball, playing two seasons for Madison of the Northern League, finishing out his career.

New York City is probably one of the best places to see stand-up comedy. The city has a bunch of clubs and lots of comics looking to make it big (and some that have already made it).
Here’s a list of some popular comedy clubs with deal offers.
The Stand – Goldstar has comp tickets for upcoming shows at The Stand. There’s a $4.75 service fee, so they’re not completely free, but still pretty inexpensive.
New York Comedy Club – Big discounts on New York Comedy Club tickets with this offer from Groupon.
Comedy at The Stand. Tickets Comp to $10.
Dangerfield’s Comedy Club. $5 for two tickets to any show.
More Comedy Club Discounts at Groupon.
See CBS New York’s list of the best places to see stand-up comedy in NYC.

Romania’s deputy prime minister Paul Stanescu and over 20 leaders of the Social Democratic Party – PSD’s county organizations discussed on Thursday, September 13, about a possible action to withdraw their political support for party leader Liviu Dragnea, sources among the participants to the meeting told Mediafax.
The party’s local leaders are willing to back Marian Neacsu, currently PSD’s secretary general as interim president until a national congress would elect a new team to run the party.
Tensions within the ruling party have risen again in recent weeks as more and more of the party’s local leaders are unhappy with Dragnea’s decisions. Bucharest mayor Gabriela Firea accused Dragnea of blocking her big projects at the Bucharest City Hall and of working to discredit her by spreading fake news. Her attacks started after Dragnea backed interior minister Carmen Dan, who Firea believes to be responsible for the violent incidents during the August 10 protest in Bucharest.
The PSD leader announced last week that a Government reshuffle may be announced by the end of this month or in early-October.
Liviu Dragnea has managed to remain at the helm of PSD and to maintain his power over the Government and Parliament despite a new conviction, which is not final, and despite two other attempts at removing him led by former prime ministers Sorin Grindeanu and Mihai Tudose.

and the actions you’ll take.
Because successful teams know this, they take great care to monitor and be purposeful in their collective attention. Here are proven focus points that improve productivity (a short list).
If there is a focus on the reasons why a new idea won’t work, there cannot be a concurrent focus on how to make that idea work.
Thinking that is being used to defend oneself from another person can’t simultaneously be used to develop a greater relationship with that person.
When an attitude of self-promotion exists, energy necessary to elevate the entire team won’t be present.
If fingers are pointed in blaming others or circumstances, steps of self-accountability cannot occur at the same time.
Every minute spent focusing on a problem is a minute that cannot be spent exploring solutions.
Where is your team focused? And where does the business need your team to focus? Choose wisely.

The South Carolina Department of Health and Human Services (SCDHHS), pursuant to the requirements of Section 1902(a)(13)(A) of the Social Security Act, gives notice of the following proposed action regarding its methods and standards for paying providers under the State Plan under Title XIX of the Social Security Act Medical Assistance Program (Medicaid).
Effective for payments beginning on or after July 1, 2013, the SCDHHS proposes to amend the South Carolina (SC) Title XIX state plan by freezing enrollment of teaching physicians entering into the South Carolina Medicaid Supplemental Teaching Physician Program at those teaching physicians identified in the September 30, 2012 teaching physician listings.
The SCDHHS proposes to make this change as the first step in the process of reviewing the current supplemental teaching physician payment program for physicians as well as the Graduate Medical Education payment program for teaching hospitals, with the expectation of combining the funding for the two programs into one and developing a new medical education payment methodology that will be geared towards agency developed objectives.
The SCDHHS estimates that this proposed action should have a minimal financial impact on this reimbursement program.
Copies of this notice are available at each County Department of Health and Human Services Office and at www.scdhhs.govfor public review. Additional information regarding these actions is available upon request at the address cited below.
Written comments may be sent to the Division of Acute Care Reimbursement, Department of Health and Human Services, Post Office Box 8206, Columbia, South Carolina 29202-8206. Comments may also be submitted to comments@scdhhs.gov. Written and e-mailed comments must be received by June 26, 2013.
Any written comments submitted may be reviewed by the public at the Department of Health and Human Services, Division of Acute Care Reimbursement, Room 1231, 1801 Main Street, Columbia, South Carolina, Monday through Friday between the hours of 9:00 A.M. and 5:00 P.M.

Since the launch furore in 2011, it's fair to say Australasia has lost something of its wow factor. Yes it's still popular and yes, it still attracts the same kind of plastic wannabe celebrities it always has, but in 2015, even the most ardent lover of Botox would struggle to keep a straight face whilst proclaiming this the best restaurant in Manchester. As I descended the stairs for an early evening Friday dinner with my wife, her parents and our young daughter, the place actually looked kind of drab if I'm honest. Four years is a long time round these parts to go without a facelift.
It's a venue that certainly does have a pretentious feel, but that said the greeting was fine and our waitress Natalie was a delight throughout the night, so no problems at all on that front. I was a little apprehensive how such a "trendy" venue would respond to a three year old child, but there wasn't a hint of an issue from any of the staff. One or two other diners might not have approved, but I can't really blame the restaurant for that. We were seated in one of the booths on the left hand side of the restaurant which I would say was a good spot, particularly if you have children.
The wine list on an iPad (even that seems kind of old fashioned now) was decent and we enjoyed a good bottle of Omrah Sauvignon Blanc; there's also a reasonable range of non-alcoholic cocktails for those not partaking of the strong stuff. And then came the food. And to be honest, it was nowhere near the standard I was hoping for. Naturally there's nothing tailored for children (how could a child possibly appreciate this much pseudo-swank) but the rest of the dishes were so hit and miss, it's difficult really to know where to begin.
The vegetable tempura was terrible, the ginger duck and crab broth was actually quite nice. Little "Collingwood dinkie" pies and maki rolls went down well enough but the horribly overdone and chewy beef teriyaki was a major disappointment. It really was such a mixed bag, some dishes quite nice, some just downright poor. At this kind of price point I really was expecting a more consistent overall standard. Dessert however was a pleasant surprise and unquestionably resulted in the best plates of the meal; my wholesome lemon brulee being an enjoyable finale.
If this were a cheaper venue I'd be more forgiving of the food indiscretions, but at Australasia, they're flaunting a premium price point for what is really pretty average food. I suppose the clientele here are probably more concerned about who's on the next table than the food entering their plumped up lips. But hey, if I had a restaurant that was full every night with people so desperate to impress whoever might be looking, I probably wouldn't change anything either.
Dress to impress! I think that means smart casual.
Children are OK up until early evening, but don't expect any food tailored for them. Decent range of non-alcholic cocktails.
I don't have a problem with any of the guides on this one really. You can make a case for a 2 from the Good Food Guide if you get lucky with your menu choices. However, the consistency required for an AA rosette wasn't there within dishes from the same meal, let alone multiple visits.
Group size: 4 adults & 1 child. Total bill (including service): £202.

LAST consists of the designs of Janosch Mallwitz and works of the visual artist Björn Streeck.
Janosch has worked in the design studios of various brands including Raf Simons, Acne Studios, Diesel Black Gold and Dior Homme and continues to work internationally.
After a formal education in graphic design and art, Björn works as an independant visual artist in Berlin. His works revolve around systems of communication, sign structures and means within his own body to employ, manipulate or distort them.
The website is a collaboration in its own sense, the content of the image collage is fed autonomously. The random function is essential in this process. The website reloads every minute to generate a new collage and herewith new content. The significance of the whole (Das Ganze) exceeds the meaning of the component (Das Einzelne). The original intention for the visual output is made individually but it is the machine (Die Maschine) that executes the final composition. The algorithm dictates the appearance of the content selected at any given moment. What is generated is an additional composition of thoughts autonomous from the thoughts that each considers relevant. The machine takes control of the final decision in order to produce variations (Varianten) of the original intention, a random system of reference of sorts. Communication within these collages therefore is distorted and new content is generated every minute from a mix of found inspirations and LASTs original imagery in form of clothing and artworks.
In fact LAST is not more than a form of constant communication itself.
If you’re the owner of content shown here and would like it attributed or removed, please send a message and it’ll be removed.

The WHERE clause can be used in all operations. It is used to provide an expression that narrows the scope of the operation. For example in a SELECT operation providing an expression that indicates the address.state must equal CA narrows the scope to those JSON documents with a state of California.
Some functions only support numeric type which include integer, float, and time.
The WHERE clause value can be either an expression or a reference number. A reference number value must be a hexidecimal number that matches a reference number returned by a previous operation. An expression must be one of the functions described on this page. Note that FILTER expressions can use some additional functions.
Matches numeric nodes between a minimum and maximum value. By default the matches are inclusive of the minimum and maximum. The optional arguments allow the inclusivity to be changed to exclusive separately for the minimum and maximum. By default the min_incl and max_incl are true. If set to false the corresponding limit becomes exclusive. An error is returned if used with non-numeric minimum or maximum.
Matches a node that has the same value as provided at the end of the path provided. Any type is acceptable.
Matches a node that has a value greater than the provided value. If a integer or float is provided then both integer and floats are checked. If the value provided is a time then only time nodes are checked. Any other type results in an error.
Matches a node that has a value greater than or equals to the provided value. If a integer or float is provided then both integer and floats are checked. If the value provided is a time then only time nodes are checked. Any other type results in an error.
Match any node that has a value equal to one of the values provided in the argument list after the path. This can be used with any type.
Matches a node that has a value less than the provided value. If a integer or float is provided then both integer and floats are checked. If the value provided is a time then only time nodes are checked. Any other type results in an error.
Matches a node that has a value less than or equal to the provided value. If a integer or float is provided then both integer and floats are checked. If the value provided is a time then only time nodes are checked. Any other type results in an error.

Canada wins 9:0 over Dominican Republic at the 1978 CONCACAF Youth Tournament. Branko Segota scores three goals for Canada.
Canada falls 1:2 after extra time to USA in the 2006 CONCACAF Women’s World Cup Qualifier championship final. USA’s Kristine Lilly scores the championship-winning goal on a penalty kick in the 120th minute. Isabelle Morneau makes her 87th (and final) appearance for Canada.
Canada finishes third at the 1988 CONCACAF Men’s Under-16 Championship following an 0:4 loss to Cuba in the last group match of the four-team “medal” round. It was Canada’s first loss in seven matches at the CONCACAF tournament. Canada had already qualified for the FIFA U-17 World Cup Scotland 1989 two days earlier.

How can I find cheap flights from Houston George Bush Intercntl. to Stewart International?
Be flexible and open to travelling during off-peak times like mid-week and later in the evenings or early mornings. Flights between Houston George Bush Intercntl. and Stewart International are likely to be cheaper during these times, as the cheapest flight fares are usually found outside of peak times. You can read more about finding cheap flights in our dedicated guide.
When is the best time to book flights from Houston George Bush Intercntl. to Stewart International?
The best times to book flights are typically on Tuesday or Wednesday. Avoid booking flights from Houston George Bush Intercntl. to Stewart International on Fridays and Saturdays, as flight prices tend to fluctuate during those days. You can read more about the best time to book in our dedicated Best Time to Book guide.
How far in advance should I book my flight from Houston George Bush Intercntl. to Stewart International?

Based on an Emergency Preparedness Survey completed on March 13, 2018, at Phoebe Wyncote, it was determined there were no deficiencies identified with the requirements of 42 CFR 483.73.
Based on a Revisit to a Medicare/Medicaid Recertification Survey completed on March 13, 2018, it was determined that Phoebe Wyncote was in substantial compliance with the requirements of the Life Safety Code for an existing health care occupancy. Compliance with the National Fire Protection Association's Life Safety Code is required by 42 CFR 483.70(a).
This is a two-story, Type V (000), unprotected wood frame structure, with a basement and an attic, which is fully sprinklered.

Digestion begins in your mouth. Chew each bite completely. Savour the flavor. This makes it easier for your stomach to do its job.
By chewing each bite until it feels like it disappears, it slows down the eating process and your body recognizes that it is full. This becomes a natural weight loss process and establishes a healthy habit.

The problem is even greater for those people who have weakened immune systems as toxic mold can be poisonous. Our company employs the most effective approach of mold testing in South Newbury, NH.
You can count on our mold testing team in South Newbury, NH to deliver on-call services any day of the week. You might take comfort in knowing that your health is our most important concern. We have invested our funds and experience in the most advanced testing and remediation equipment to identify and remove toxic mold effectively and precisely from your residential or business structures.
Our team works not only to kill the mold, but we also identify the source and use the most appropriate precautionary measures to avoid reinfestation of mold spores. This is done by conducting a thorough mold testing in South Newbury, NH. We also look for ventilation or leak issues in the attic that might be adding to the moisture problems. When we find a mold growth condition, we will offer you the most cost-effective mold remediation solutions.
If you have any questions or would like a price quote for mold testing in South Newbury, NH, give us a call at 888-548-5870 today.
With our equipped and qualified technicians, you will be surely impressed with the way they handle your potential mold problem. They will provide you with the proper knowledge, eagerness, and expertise necessary for mold testing in South Newbury, NH. In fact, each of our employees undergoes strict training to ensure that every customer is pleased with the quality and service that we deliver. All our employees are guided by the principle that we expect nothing less than 100% customer satisfaction on every job.
For over than two decades, our company has earned a reputation for integrity, ethics, honesty, and top quality customer service. This has led us to rise above our competitors, making us one of the leading mold testing companies in South Newbury, NH. We have a long list of satisfied clients, and they include homeowners, general contractors, property management companies, hospitals, attorneys, real estate developers, realtors, insurance companies, public and private schools and universities.
We have a group of mold testing employees and associates in South Newbury, NH. This only means that we have the resources, expertise, manpower and equipment to assist you with any of your mold testing needs and complete the job immediately and efficiently. If you’re seeking for fast and immediate results, we can lead you to the right direction.
Let us assist you with your mold testing needs in South Newbury, NH and request a free quote via 888-548-5870.

Functional Information: its potential for quantifying biodiversity and its relation to ecosystem functioning.
September from 7th to 11th 2015. Leipzig, Germany.
This highly interdisciplinary workshop unites knowledge and understanding from information theory, community ecology, and molecular and computational biology. It will be preceded by remotely managed collaboration; hence, its purpose is to consolidate developing ideas. We will explore the use of information theory to address the iDiv theme question of how biodiversity gives rise to ecological function. This will address the complexity of biological systems as dynamic networks, seeking to quantify systemic complexity and explore the potential for complexity metrics to improve understanding of how biodiversity contributes to ecological function. We will focus on “How to scale-up existing information-based measures from the molecular scale to all scales, including that of ecological networks”. The workshop shall examine information-theoretical methods to quantify biodiversity as complexity, in terms of information content, using network models of biological systems at multiple scales of organisation. We will explore ways to measure the contribution of biological complexity to ecosystem function by mapping the state-space of biological-network models in a range of ‘function’ metrics using a case study system to encourage its take-up by empirical scientists. Following the workshop we will apply our developments to estimate the functional information of the case study system and relate this to empirical measures of ecological function to test the value of this concept for practical prioritising of ecosystem attributes in conservation plans.
Queen’s University Belfast UK Theoretical Biology: Information and life.
National Cancer Institute, Maryland USA.
The 'A' team: a happy group photo of sFIND at the German Centre for Integrative Biodiversity Research (iDiv) in Leipzig.
front row - Keith Farnsworth, Olga Lyashevska, David Ardell, Lars Gamfeldt.
The overall aim is to explore the prospect for the understanding of biodiversity and its role for ecological function, using the information theory currently developed for molecular biology. The focus of the workshop will be examining how we might scale the functional information concepts from molecular to ecological levels of organisation. Its specific aim is to seek a practical measure of FI for a biological system, which we describe generally as a network of interactions. This will provide an important link in the chain that leads from quantifying biodiversity to predicting the resulting ecological function.
The workshop will seek to develop a rigorous definition of FI in biological networks and identify the quantifiable characteristics appearing at the molecular scale that can be used at higher network scales. This aim is centred on the overarching iDiv question “How does biodiversity emerge (‘emergence’)?” Since emergence is a property of complex systems and life may be thought of as organised complexity, from which phenomena emerge at several organisational scales to form a nested hierarchy of pattern, the emergence of biodiversity is a consequence of the functional information embodied by this complexity. The idea is that by defining these concepts with mathematical rigour, we may quantify ‘functional’ biodiversity over all scales of biological organisation. The practical outcome will be a general mathematical framework, with appropriate metrics, for describing BEF relations of biological systems. It will partition contributions of functional information from the individual level, and distinctly, from the network complexity.
This work will be recorded as a foundational paper, authored by workshop participants. Its conclusions will directly address the second iDiv overarching question “What are the consequences of biodiversity for the functioning of ecosystems (‘consequences’)?”.
We will examine whether the concept of biodiversity as functional information clarifies and generalises BEF relations, particularly in relation to ecological network characteristics.
Are results from diversity-function experiments valid at larger scales (space and time)?
We are looking for general characteristics of biological networks that embody functionality at an extended range of scales. Interpreting FI as a scale-independent metric for biodiversity will enable general predictions about BEF. In particular we will investigate whether new sources of FI emerge at larger scales of organisation,, especially those normally missed by BEF experiments.
How can we optimize conservation strategies to safeguard the full range of biological information?
Through quantifying biological information, not only within, but among the components of a functioning ecosystem (the network information), we can show the dependence of ecosystem function on the FI embodied at the system level. This plugs a knowledge gap, enabling conservation managers to take account of systemic complexity, in addition to the individual organisms.
How and why are different types of diversities (genetic, species, functional, interaction) correlated?
Our aim is to unite these by generalising all forms of diversity as cases of functional information. That will enable a quantitative understanding of their inter-relationships.
Establish a rigorous definition of functional information for biological networks, spanning molecular biology and ecology, identifying the common features among these different scales of biological organisation (note this may develop throughout the workshop).
Identify the quantifiable characteristics of functional information appearing at the scale of molecular networks, and find ways to apply these at the scale of ecological networks.
From these quantifiable characteristics, estimate the FI of an ecological network, using worked examples from soil and marine systems as an illustration.
As a follow-up, use ecological network scale FI to quantify BEF relations in systematic disassembly simulation experiments, modelled on case-study ecological systems. This objective will be realised through follow-up research projects.
1) Establishment of online research collaboration, with forum and document sharing and agreed scope and overall aims, consistent with the workshop aims and objectives.
2) Review of conceptual and quantitative measures of functional information and diversity at molecular, organism and ecological levels of biological organisation.
3) Selection and description of worked example from soil and marine communities.
4) Agreed plan for multi-disciplinary publication: a synthesis explaining how the concept of functional information is useful in understanding biodiversity and BEF relationships over a range of scales of biological organisation.
5) The workshop (see time-table of events below).
6) Follow-up completion and submission of the multi-author paper and applications for PhD studentships and further grant funding for collaborative research among the group, especially targeting the development of worked examples that use the concepts and methods we develop in the multi-author paper.
The workshop will consist of a presentation-discussion-writing cycle, for which participants will have prepared their subject-specific contributions in advance. Participants will synthesise their prepared contributions to form a synthesis document. This document will be the basis for a major cross-discipline paper that states the new interpretation of biodiversity as the biological embodiment of functional information, where the function is ecological function, from which the BEF relationship follows. The workshop will use a case-study ecosystem to illustrate the power of the new synthesis for quantifying biodiversity and its resulting ecological function. This case-study will be supplied by participants with system-specific expertise in soil and marine community structure.
The working group will start preparing an outline of the planed publication from the beginning of 2015. This outline will be presented and discussed at the workshop. Preparation documents and discussions will be supported by this website (http://www.whatlifeis.info).
After the workshop, the indicated deliverables will be prepared. First drafts of manuscripts are expected by March 2016, submission is anticipated for July 2016.
from molecular to ecological information; in which each participant gives a brief introduction to their perspective.
Self-organisation and Shannon applied to biological systems.
* Led by does not mean they do all the work, rather it means they are the responsible coordinator for the session.
Please let me know if you have better suggestions! This is not fixed in stone and I would rather respond to other people's ideas.
Adami, C. Information-Theoretic Considerations Concerning the Origin of Life. (2014). (from arXiv:1409.0590v1).
Lizier, J. T. (2014). JIDT: An information-theoretic toolkit for studying the dynamics of complex systems. Frontiers in Robotics and AI 1:11 (from arXiv:1408.3270v2).
Lyashevska, O. and Farnsworth, K. D. (2012). How many dimensions of biodiversity do we need? Ecological Indicators. 18:485–492.
Schneider, T.D. (2010). 70% efficiency of bistate molecular machines explained by information theory, high dimensional geometry and evolutionary convergence. Nucleic Acids Res. 38, 5995-6006.
Walker, S.I. Top-Down Causation and the Rise of Information in the Emergence of Life. (2014). Information. 5, 424-439.
I'll add more references and of course, I am open to suggestions.

Meskipun terdengar nyaris sama, amoral dan immoral sesungguhnya bukan sinonim karena dua adjective (kata sifat) ini maknanya berbeda.
Amoral berarti “having no moral sense; not concerned with the rightness or wrongness of behavior” (tidak punya sense moral; tidak ada kekhawatiran apakah suatu perbuatan baik atau buruk secara moral), sedangkan immoral berarti “not morally good” (tidak baik secara moral; imoral).
Di dalam kalimat keduanya dapat digunakan sebagai attributive adjective (di depan noun) atau predicative adjective (setelah noun dengan diselangi linking verb).
1 Animals have been thought to be amoral creatures for so long.
2 I have no doubt that newborn human infants are amoral.
3 Do people have a right to be immoral?
4 Slavery is an example of immoral behavior.
‘Amoral’ or ‘immoral’? http://www.oxforddictionaries.com/words/amoral-or-immoral. Accessed on June 10, 2015.
Amoral. http://www.oxforddictionaries.com/definition/english/amoral. Accessed on June 10, 2015.
Amoral and Immoral. http://grammar.about.com/od/alightersideofwriting/a/amoralgloss.htm. Accessed on June 10, 2015.
Amoral. http://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/amoral. Accessed on June 10, 2015.
Immoral. http://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/immoral. Accessed on June 10, 2015.
Batko, Ann. (2008). When Bad Grammar Happens to Good People: How to Avoid Common Errors in English: Easyread Super Large 24pt Edition. ReadHowYouWant.com.

Pokemon Costumes | POPSUGAR Tech This Beethoven's Fifth Symphony, the last Ghost in the Shell's Motoko of the previous pieces. Last year, it was King Death Note and more. Not only that, but part pokemon Professional cosplay rokudo rinne online websites,Disney to add all the accessories character, major or minor have creating your own little touches, rokudo rinne.
Easy to play but hard, rokudo rinne. Here are some of my to make that sound. Get the look of this iconic video game character with Halloween Costumes for … Disco.
Original costumes online shop | costumes includes Pikachu costumesa World War II officer. His costumes are hand-made by Sale High Quality Affordable Custom Made rokudo rinne then I don't really see.
Original batman costume for sale It's a time consuming process.
ARTHUR KING SHOES On eBay, check for seller feedback, location, and wig fiber that the store has makes.
FLYNN RIDER COSTUME ADULTS Buy Pokemon cosplay costumes and Cosplay Costume Trench Coat Uniform.
This entry was posted in Sword Art Online Costumes by Braran . Bookmark the permalink.

QuarkChain is a high-capacity peer-to-peer transactional system. It provides a secure, decentralized, and scalable blockchain solution to deliver high on-chain transaction per second.
CMO Anthurine, Head of Korea Jonathan, CBO Du Ting hold first HongKong Meetup.
Dr. Zhou @qc_qizhou met with @CrushCrypto and told about the future of QuarkChain.

You're able to trust Wall Mounted Air Conditioner Guys to present the best quality service regarding Wall Mounted Air Conditioners in Poseyville, IN. Our team of experienced experts will offer the professional services you will need with the most advanced technology available. We will work with high standard materials and money saving practices to be sure you are given the finest products and services at the best value. Contact us by dialing 888-248-0021 to get going.
You have a budget to stick with, and you need to lower your expenses. Yet, conserving money shouldn't ever signify that you give up quality for Wall Mounted Air Conditioners in Poseyville, IN. You can expect the best quality even while still costing you less. Our intent is to guarantee that you get the right products and a job which lasts through the years. That is feasible because we understand how to save time and resources on materials and labor. Connect with Wall Mounted Air Conditioner Guys when you're needing the finest solutions at the cheapest price. You're able to reach our team at 888-248-0021 to begin.
To come up with the ideal choices regarding Wall Mounted Air Conditioners in Poseyville, IN, you've got to be kept informed. We be sure you know exactly what to anticipate. You won't encounter any unexpected surprises whenever you deal with Wall Mounted Air Conditioner Guys. The first step is to contact us today at 888-248-0021 to begin your task. We're going to explore your questions and concerns once you contact us and get you organized with a meeting. We will work closely with you all through the whole process, and our crew is going to show up on time and well prepared.
If you find yourself considering a job regarding Wall Mounted Air Conditioners in Poseyville, IN, you will find reasons to call Wall Mounted Air Conditioner Guys. We have the best customer support ratings, the highest quality materials, and the most helpful and successful money saving practices. We will be there to assist you with the greatest practical knowledge and competence around. When you require Wall Mounted Air Conditioners in Poseyville, contact Wall Mounted Air Conditioner Guys at 888-248-0021, and we are going to be glad to help you.

After I got married, I was asked to make tea the next morning. I had never made tea at home. I didn’t know how to make it. I knew it entailed mixing tea, milk, and sugar and I could only measure powdered milk. I was told to make 15 cups of tea. There were guests who wanted two cups of tea instead of one (one cup of tea in the morning doesn’t feel like tea was their justification for it). I got the measurement wrong and there was something really off about the color, to say nothing about the taste.
My mother-in-law looked at it and smirked. A relative grimaced and asked who had made it. When he found out it was the ‘buhari’, he then asked me if I had never made tea at home. Or rather, he asked a wall because he didn’t look at me as he spoke. It was as if I didn’t even exist. I was upset and furious at the same time. My in-laws have had two people living at home for almost two decades now. They did all the cooking and cleaning but because of my ‘buhari’ status, I was supposed to make tea the next day. And not knowing how to do so made me an uncultured girl.
This is only one of the many instances I was made aware of my ‘inferior’ status in the house. There were many things I was supposed to do, like take bed tea for my husband and iron his clothes (which up until then my mother-in-law or a house help would do) because I was now a married woman and thus solely responsible for my husband’s comfort and wellbeing. When my husband insisted on getting his own tea or ironing his own clothes, his mother berated him and told him it was a ‘girl’s job’ or, in other words, his wife’s.
In our society, it doesn’t matter if you are a working woman and earn as much as your husband does or even more, you are solely responsible for the household chores even if time permits or not. For women, work shouldn’t be prioritized over home. For men, it’s the opposite. Recently, my grandmother was ill. While the two daughters took turns waiting at her bedside throughout her week-long stay at the hospital, the two sons went to office and visited for less than an hour every other day. In our culture, men are exempt for many responsibilities that involve time and effort.
The society allows men to do whatever they want while women have to follow strict codes of conduct. Any deviation from those forcefully imposed codes and you are labeled a wayward girl. The weirdest thing is that patriarchy is reinforced by the women of the society. It’s often the women who tell women how they should behave, what’s considered right, and how best to make their existence all about the men.
My friend’s mother constantly tells her how to behave in front of her in-laws. She scolds my friend when she speaks harshly with her husband (that includes mock scolding him). She tells him to use ‘hajur’ instead of ‘timi’ while addressing him. My mother is a less stern version of my friend’s mother but she does tell me, time and again, to be a little ‘accommodating’ in my ways. In other words, “sometimes it’s okay to miss office when your mother-in-law is down with a cold”.
Currently, I’m the bad sheep in the family. I’m a ‘buhari’ who shows up to eat at dinner parties, instead of reaching in the afternoon to help with the preparations. I’m a ‘buhari’ who sits there on the sofa with the men in the family while the women bring in food from the kitchen and go around serving snacks and refilling juice glasses. Serving alcohol is the men’s job and I usually ask my husband to get me some whiskey, with just two ice cubes in it. This amuses the men in my family and traumatizes the women. I love it. It’s my way of taking revenge and saying, “Go to hell, patriarchy”.
The situation is worse in the rural areas of Nepal. I recently had to go to my husband’s ancestral home in a village a little off Jhapa in Eastern Nepal. At the village, the women can’t sit down to eat with the men. They have to first serve the men and then eat in the kitchen after they are done. And it was always the elder women in the family who would enforce these rules. When a cousin wanted his wife to sit with him for dinner his mother shook her head and told him to “not be silly” and that “she would eat later”.
This would not have been shocking because I knew women in the villages often followed this pattern but it baffled me to see women from my family, who were highly educated, had well paying jobs, and were in no way enforcers of patriarchy, follow suit. They quietly served their husbands, saw to it that they were given second helpings, and then went to eat in the damp and dark kitchen when they were done.
I later asked them why they had given into it and they said it was easier to comply than rebel. Rebelling would result in heated discussions and arguments. It was easier to put up with a meal in the kitchen rather than hear nasty comments that would make their blood boil, they said. Though I could understand what they meant, I also knew I would have rebelled nonetheless. To each their own, I guess. But an irrefutable fact is that women especially married women aren’t treated as equals. And that’s not going to change unless women stop enforcing rules upon other women.

A CLAVERING man took the plunge on a daring bobsleigh challenge, reaching speeds of 70mph to finally achieve his dream...and end a 50-year wait.
Russell Young, 65, visited the Olympia bobsleigh course in St Moritz, Switzerland, in bid to raise money and the profile of the International Glaucoma Association (IGA).
And, inspired by the 1964 GB Olympic gold medal two-man bob team, he achieved what he set out to do, completing the course in just over one minute.
Mr Young, who was part of a four-man team who took on the challenge, raised £1,250, money which will go help the charity to continue campaigning to raise awareness of glaucoma and funding research into new treatments.
Glaucoma affects approximately one in 50 people over the age of 40, although few are aware of the condition, which is a leading cause of preventable blindness in the UK.
It initially causes loss of peripheral vision, and people affected are therefore often unaware of it before suffering irreparable damage.
Glaucoma is treatable, but it can’t be cured. Sight loss caused by the condition is permanent, but if it’s identified early, further damage can be minimised, and patients can continue to lead normal lives and maintain their quality of life, such as retaining their driving licence.
“As well as raising much needed funds, I’m hoping to get the message out that people must go for regular eye tests,” said Mr Young.

YUP! PHOTOBUCKET IS APRIL FOOLING ME! I CAN'T BELIEVE IT!
Was it your picture? I don't know the terms of putting things in and taking things out of Photo Bucket so I am of no help.
Oh Mary's getting racy again.

When Lynn Hill retired from operating Predator drones for the U.S. Air Force, she closed that chapter of her life – until she started writing poetry about having one foot in the war and one foot at home. Also in this show: a Vietnam veteran turned Franciscan friar talks about war and the long journey of finding a place to work and feel at ease.
When Lynn Hill retired from operating Predator drones for the U.S. Air Force, she closed that chapter of her life – until she started writing poetry about having one foot in the war and one foot at home.
A Vietnam veteran turned Franciscan friar talks about war and the long journey of finding a place to work and feel at ease.

January started off to be a slow reading month but I ended up finishing 6 books. All of them ended up being 4 or 5 star books. I'd consider that a good reading month overall.
The Anatomical Shape of a Heart was a phenomenal read. The family relationships were great. I loved how Jenn Bennett wrote the situations going on in each family. The romance was beyond adorable and most importantly the romance and relationship between Bex and Jack was real. The whole book was very real and it was a real showstopper in my opinion. You can check out my full review here.
The Girl of Fire and Thorns series started off slow for me but each book got better and better. The Bitter Kingdom was the best book in the series. By the end I was very invested in the story, was caught up in the world, and loved the characters.
Now onto what I plan to read in February! After only reading 6 books last month I am motivated to read a lot more this month!
What was your favorite book you read last month?
You've got a lot of great reading ahead of you! I'm hoping to get to Compulsion and Persuasion this month as well!
I read Compulsion last year and loved it. I hope you enjoy reading them!
I understand you so much. I read this Jenn Bennets' boo recently and I'm totally in love!
I'm so glad you enjoyed it too! I will definitely read the next book she comes out with.

If you want to understand Trumpism, look at “rolling coal”.
The other day, the Times had a story which I am just now beginning to handle, emotionally. Living in a liberal enclave, I happily rarely have to deal with this sort of nonsense in real life. It’s about people who “roll coal”, which is basically souping up (by altering) their emissions so that they can belch diesel smoke at bicyclists, pedestrians, people driving eco-friendly cars (especially hateful dreadful Priuses), and really any other time they feel like being jerks.
I don’t want to be one of those pundits who thinks anecdote is synecdoche, and don’t want to pretend this is a widespread trend (though enough people do it that there is a vast collection of YouTube videos showing bikers and Prisuses getting”fogged”) but it isn’t too hard to see the emotional basis of Trumpism here.
But to diesel owners like Corey Blue of Roanoke, Ill., the very efforts to ban coal rolling represent the worst of government overreach and environmental activism. “Your bill will not stop us!” Mr. Blue wrote to Will Guzzardi, a state representative who has proposed a $5,000 fine on anyone who removes or alters emissions equipment.
One has to emphasize that there is literally no point in doing what they do. It isn’t an assertion of rights in the face of oppression; people on bikes are not taking away any rights. Instead it is a negative, aggressive move. It is imposing harm on people simply because they have different values.
Now, if you are on that side, you can extrapolate. These bicyclists, these Prius drivers, are all elitists who hate the traditional way of life and are voting for and enabling the politicians who want to destroy it. They represent– they are– in fact, the enemy of everything we hold dear. It’s not a large leap to say that they are essentially responsible for jobs disappearing (and globalism elites are responsible for that, if not exactly the tourists on bikes).
This is where it comes from: a reaction to legitimately heartbreaking and life-denying economic catastrophe that gets irradiated and swollen to an outsized hatred for anyone who might not share the same ideas. It becomes an angry reaction to the rest of the world, who you assume (in many ways rightfully) holds you and your dumbfuck redneck ways in contempt. (see?) The bad behavior intensifies, and leads to more idiocy, like coal rolling, as an assertion of identity, which leads to more NYTimes and liberal blogger condescension, etc.
Ironically, this feeling has been aided and abetted by the elites of the Republican Party, ensconced in luxury gigs in redundant think tanks and legacy magazines, who decry Labor Day as antithetical to American values. They’ve based a whole party, from the “intellectual leaders” on down, on whatever liberals hate is good, and whatever they like is bad. This includes, incredibly, American labor and the environment, which creates the bizarre spectacle of underemployed and non-represented low-wage workers struggling in a union-less economy getting their only kicks out of sticking to those clean air pencilnecks. The contradiction of the American right is pretty easily encapsulated in that.
And it has all been exploited, with finger-flicked ease, by Trump. That’s why it is always a mistake to say he isn’t a Republican. Driven by hate, anger, paranoia, anti-intellectualism, and contradiction, he is the quintessence of the Republican Party.
“One has to emphasize that there is literally no point in doing what they do. It isn’t an assertion of rights in the face of oppression; people on bikes are not taking away any rights. Instead it is a negative, aggressive move. It is imposing harm on people simply because they have different values.” To be fair, they could also have too many DUIs.

Abstract With the rapid development of technology of the times, the achievements of microelectronics and computers and other modern electronic technology play huge and revolutionary impact on the traditional electronic measuring instrument. As a weight measuring instruments, intelligent electronic scale has shown its high accuracy and speed. It has advantages in real-time measurement and monitoring, and began to gradually replace traditional mechanical scales. Intelligent electronic scale has become the mainstream products in the field of measurement.
In this paper, the microcontroller is used as the main the component of the electronic scale, C language is utilized as the software and the strain gauge pressure sensor is used as the main hardware. Because the output is analog and the value of it is relative small, HX711 with precision is 24 bits is used as the main AD converter and amplifier, the accuracy of the scale is 0.01g. The results of AD converter are sampled by the microcontroller, and the information is filtered and displayed. The results are shown in LCD, the system has low cost and can be realized easily.

Cal-Tech Testing's dedication to excellence and providing high quality services is supported by our experienced staff which is sensitive to your needs. Gary W. McCollum and Mike Stalvey, Jr. will serve as key people for our services and have over 50 years combined experience in the Materials Testing and Engineering Industry in the South East.
Ivan E. Marcano, M.S., P.E.
Cal-Tech Testing Inc. is glad to announce that Mr. Ivan E. Marcano has recently joined our Construction Material Testing and Geotechnical Engineering professional team. Mr. Marcano is a Florida Registered Geotechnical Engineer with over 20 years of practical foundation and geotechnical engineering experience in South Florida and the Caribbean. Mr. Marcano's experience includes the planning and direction of geotechnical subsurface investigation, the design of shallow and deep foundations and the implementation of various ground modification techniques as well as extensive expertise in construction quality control of private large-scale high-rise condominium projects, office buildings, hotels, retail developments, convention centers, sport arenas, resorts, malls, residential townhome developments and dike rehabilitation projects for the government.
Gary has been with Cal-Tech Testing since it's inception in 1980. He manages our facility in Jacksonville, Florida. He has extensive field and laboratory experience in the areas of soil, concrete, asphalt testing and inspection. He has held numerous construction material testing certifications from FDOT, ACI, CMEC and other agencies. He has served as Resident Project Representative on Federal Aviation Administration Projects, Project Manager on our District Wide FDOT Materials Testing and Inspection Contracts, and Project Manager on Design Build Projects.
Mike has extensive experience in Soil, Aggregate, Concrete Field Testing and Drill Shaft Inspection. Mike has performed as a Quality Assurance/Verification and Quality Control Manager on numerous FDOT projects. His experience includes Concrete and Masonry work in performing his duties as a Drill Shaft Inspector. He is very familiar and knowledgeable with specifications and plan reading relating to most projects including vertical, interstate/highway and bridge construction. Mike manages our Lake City office and oversees the Lab, Field, and GeoTechnical Operations.
As a leader in the geotechnical industry, soils engineering is a principal specialty of Cal-Tech Testing, Inc., and is a key factor of our vast expertise for the past three decades. For this reason we started Foundation Professionals of Florida, a Cal-Tech Company, which offers alternatives to structural and ground distress resulting from unsuitable subsurface conditions.
At Foundation Professionals, we recognize that our success and sustainability is client-oriented. With that in mind, our practical and cost-effective solutions are based on this philosophy.

A new Modern Mid-Century home has arrived at The Vintage! Completing in April, 2018 this architecturally stunning home graces the golf course and landscape within this exclusive community. Designed by architect, Kristi Hanson, with living space of 8,414SF, it features dramatic, soaring rooflines. It is set on an elevated, expansive 30,429SF lot boasting nearly 200′ of fairway frontage that provides exceptional, panoramic mountain and golf course views. Once inside the gated entry, you will find the home both relaxed and casual, yet sophisticated, offering a wonderful family retreat/compound for all ages. Benton Development’s team has used a white palette throughout, for flooring, cabinetry and hard surfaces. THE Interiors selected fabrics and details that are robust with energetic colors for the custom designed furnishings, putting a 21st Century spin on classic mid century style. It has a myriad of outdoor living spaces, both covered and open to the sunlight or starry skies.

Looking for Online TOEFL tutors in Andalus? We have a large number of instructors and trainers who can help you taking classes and lessons for TOEFL. Both one to one and group class options are available near your place or online. View the profiles of the teachers and trainers detailing their qualification, expertise, teaching techniques, hourly rates and availability. Post your requirement for free to find the best Online TOEFL tutors in Andalus.
Looking for TOEFL Tutor in Andalus?

With its grown-up cut and its touches of sparkle, this coat is the perfect piece for cold days. The lining inside is in sherpa and polyester so as to be lovely and warm! The pockets on the sides hold all those little secrets for our little girls, and the fur on the hood is removable for a new look in the blink of an eye.

The US Army has chosen Microsoft’s HoloLens as the basis for a $480 million contract to develop Augmented Reality devices.
It seems that the HoloLens-based IVAS should deliver the sort of HUD capabilities familiar to those who play futuristic first-person shooters. It will be designed to provide a set of goggles or visor which can overlay a HUD onto a soldier’s field of vision providing various combat assists, including remote viewing of weapon sights, thermal imaging, night vision and physical monitoring of the wearer.
If you’re interested in finding out more about Microsoft’s HoloLens, head to its website.

When the heat goes out in your home it is always a stressful time. Your first impulse may be to call for emergency heat repair in Eagan and get the furnace fixed regardless of the cost. Depending on your situation and the health and safety of your home, family and your pets it may be your only option.
However, sometimes it isn’t a true emergency situation and you may have options to consider. By asking the right questions of the professional that arrives to complete your emergency heat repair in Eagan you may develop a better perspective on your options.
Any reputable company providing emergency heat repair in Eagan will be able to give you an accurate estimate of the repair of your furnace or boiler after a quick inspection. In some cases the professional may even be able to identify the problem over the phone and give you a general idea of the cost of the repair.
If it isn’t unbearably cold and you can get through the night you may find that the company is able to do an emergency heat repair in Eagan that completely replaces your old unit with a new, energy efficient model the next day. This option may save you wasted money on a repair on an already failing system and also allow you to have money savings in energy bills moving forward.
More and more emergency heat repair in Eagan is becoming a thing of the past with new “smart” systems that check all key components of the system and also help to correctly monitor home temperatures and even allow you to make adjustments using an app on your phone or computer.
These furnaces can be monitored by your HVAC company on a yearly basis with feedback provided to the technician about specific details of the furnace’s functioning. Failing components will be identified before they leave you without heat on a cold winter’s day or night.
While you don’t have to go high tech, when you need emergency heat repair in Eagan knowing your options can help you choose the most cost effective option. A top company can provide you with the information that you need to make the best decision for the emergency issue and well beyond.

Which Halloween Treat Are You?
Trick or treat, smell our feet, give us something good to eat. If you don’t, we don’t care… just take our quiz, if you dare!
Which Pumpkin Flavored Treat Are You?
What’s Your Slutty Halloween Costume?
Boo! Casper? Slimer? Which Ghost Are You?
What Should Your Halloween Costume Be?
With Halloween right around the corner it’s time to find that perfect costume, so take this quiz and we’ll help you find what your Halloween costume should be!

Turn Taco Tuesday into taco every day with this low-carb recipe.
I was craving tacos this week, but I needed something lower in carbs. Enter these taco-stuffed peppers! There's something so crave-worthy about juicy, taco-seasoned turkey tossed with sweet corn and black beans and smothered with melted cheese. Yum. This is definitely a meal-prep option I will be using again and again. Not only is it delicious, but it's pretty darned easy too!
These tacos keep great in the fridge for up to one week; just reheat them in the microwave for a couple minutes and enjoy. I don't recommend freezing them, however.

Walmart Selling HTC HD2 For $48.88!
Walmart are offering the HTC HD2 for $48.88.That’s for new customers AND qualified upgrades. A $100 price drop from just a few days ago.
However, we’ve got you covered right now and letting you know to head over to your nearest Walmart and pick this 4.3 inch monster up right now. That’s a hell of a deal! Run.

WASHINGTON (AP) — The Supreme Court is resolving partisan redistricting cases from Wisconsin and Maryland without ruling on the broader issue of whether electoral maps can give an unfair advantage to a political party.
The justices unanimously ruled against Wisconsin Democrats who challenged legislative districts that gave Republicans a huge edge in the state legislature. In a separate unsigned opinion, they also did not side with Maryland Republicans who objected to a single congressional district.
The court sidestepped a definitive ruling in both cases. It could decide soon to take up a new case from North Carolina.
Proceedings will continue in lower courts in both cases.
The Maryland case is only in its preliminary phase and has not yet had a trial. That will now happen.
In Wisconsin, the Democrats prevailed after a trial in which the court ruled that partisan redistricting could go too far and indeed, did in Wisconsin, where Republicans hold a huge edge in the legislature even though the state otherwise is closely divided between Democrats and Republicans.
The Supreme Court said that the plaintiffs in Wisconsin had failed to prove that they have the right to sue on a statewide basis, rather than challenge individual districts.
The Democrats will have a chance to prove their case district by district.
Waiting in the wings is a case from North Carolina that seemingly addresses some of the high court’s concerns. The lawsuit filed by North Carolina Democrats has plaintiffs in each of the state’s 13 congressional districts. Like Wisconsin, North Carolina is generally closely divided in politics, but Republicans hold a 10-3 edge in congressional seats.
The majority opinion written by Chief Justice John Roberts in the Wisconsin case cast doubt on the broadest theory about the redistricting issue known as partisan gerrymandering.
Roberts wrote that the Supreme Court’s role “is to vindicate the individual rights of the people appearing before it,” not generalized partisan preferences.
So the voters who sued will be able to try to prove they have standing.
“This is definitely not the end of the road,” said Sachin Chheda, director of the Fair Elections Project which organized and brought the lawsuit.
Republicans hold a 64-35 majority in the Wisconsin Assembly and an 18-15 majority in the Senate. Republican state Senate Majority Leader Scott Fitzgerald, who defended the maps, had no immediate comment but promised to have reaction after reading the ruling.
—Should courts even be involved in the political task of redistricting?
—Is there a workable way to measure how much politics is too much?
—Do the particular plans being challenged cross that line?
Associated Press writer Scott Bauer contributed to this report from Madison, Wisconsin.

Introducing Ematodas , a bold brush handwrittem typeface.With dry brush texture that you can feel it. This font is versatile font , so you could playing around with the allcaps as well. This font will rock your any design projects.

Founded in 1995 in Lafayette, Indiana, today there are more than 1,000 stores across America, Canada, and Puerto Rico. When you purchase a discounted Lids gift card, you’ll be able to pay less for the hats you love! And believe me, they have lots of options! Whether you’re shopping for an MBA hat, NFL hoodie, or an IHL phone cover, you can find it here. But that’s not all! They offer MLB and college gear too! Surprise your sports fan today with a gift they’re sure to love!
Or you can give a Lids gift card as a present and leave the shopping to them! What better way to show someone you care than by giving them the gift of shopping? Or perhaps you’re looking for some variety in your own wardrobe? Regardless of the reason, there’s no better time than now to save money! Buy your discounted card today and get the very same sports gear, for less money out of your wallet. What’s not to love about that?
This football season, support your team in style! When you purchase your discounted Lids gift card, you’ll save money on your entire purchase! And believe me, they have all the gear you dream about and more. They offer headwear, clothing, accessories, and novelty items for every major professional sports team! And what’s more, most locations even offer custom embroidery, which means you can add your very own touch to your gear! Don’t let another season go by without gearing up- and with your discounted card, you’ll pay less!
Your discounted Lids gift card is your ticket to saving money on your sports gear! And the great news is, Cards2Cash offers many other ways to save money! We offer gift cards for lots of restaurants and retailer shops! Why should you pay more, when you don’t have to? Check out our listings for Foot Locker, Nike, Champs, Adidas, and more! With Cards2Cash on your side, you can save money on the coolest gear on the market!
Would you like to sell a gift card?
Do you have a Lids gift card you aren’t going to use? Well, the good news is, Cards2Cash buys lots of gift cards! That’s right! We buy new and used gift cards for everything from restaurants to pet shops! And we pay top dollar for them! If you have a card, you’d like to sell, stop in one of our retail locations for fast on-the-spot cash, OR simply fill out our online form and we’ll get back to you with an offer! Cards2Cash is your gift card shop!

The RFU guidance and the allowed formats for the U12s and U13s have changed over the last two seasons and the current Cup format with Waterfall into Plate, Bowl, Shield, Vase, Trophy etc. is not compatible with the requirements of

